[Music]
I have
Oh
[Music]
[Applause]
ah
[Music]
[Applause]
H
[Music]
and
a
[Applause]
[Music]
k
[Applause]
[Music]
ah
[Applause]
[Music]
ah
T
[Music]
G
ah
[Music]
H
he
[Music]
change in maturity of growing up my father
before going on the show to say a lot
of phrases that were super nice that
was
seeing
good good
People, I'm tired
Hey, I'm tired, man, I'm tired.
little
I'm tired, I'm tired, go uncle, hey
I made almost 4 hours before I made the sauce today
straight
eh I'm seeing here more or
less eh let's watch the dala video
No Javi the puny, good good Magi
you are also for
Here today we broke
Hey today we broke into telesalseo
with more than 200 new members in
telesalseo
eh more than 200 new members today
in
telesalseo
I did a long live show on Telesalseo today
And here, well, I'm not in a hurry, yes.
I'm tired yes I'm very tired
This but it depends on the topics if it is
stay longer
We will stay for a long time, time is fine, there is no time
hurry today It depends on how the issues are
but there was no
as
we didn't have much to make news and
I say, well then
we do so we do live
long and so we leave many extracts
for the members remain the same as the
bar Hey, it doesn't move, man, what fidelity
Eh yes it is true that it is very good
fidelity but the Barrier would not be bad
psychological of the 2000s eh la Barrera
psychological of the 2000s look at
telesalseo were 200 members if here
In the canijo we also met 200
new members today we spent that
Barrier But
Well let's go to
[Music]
mess let's see
little things let's see little things let's see
little things and then
we commented
but
the themes do not accompany much
eh the topics don't go along much
lately, eh, look at you, December
Damn, the gossip is bad these days.
I just spoke to you on WhatsApp incin
incin to see now in quotation marks what
remains of
I have what's left of me that remains TR
days in quotes I don't care much
Let's say no, he's already liked me like that
who
He says and in quotes I wouldn't mind
a lot yes yes this week is already chilly
but but man I hope December
be fat
I don't hope December is fat uncle
truth is always supposed to be supposed to be
when the cpm is highest
not to see some, some bomb there will be
some bomb Bla I have some that don't
I can still say it's worth it I have some
that I can't say
still but it could be a bomb
weekly, maybe for a week
good on all gossip channels
surely when it
release
[Music]
but I have to
confirm Javi goes up to inco and Tap to
comment on Dala's video
Eh, well if you want, then if you are
available later when I finish of
make the statements you sent me
around here luare who is the boss of
I upload the contents. Of course, if later
They want it, we can do it
upload December the rewind the pre pre
preparation of the
Elan, this month you didn't see Dallas.
Well, let's see, I think nothing's happening. I think
Let's see if it is known that Dalas has operated
the face is obviously not known to be
you give her face a pear
moment
December is ending
year
yes Inc yes
Incos
inkosi
[Music]
Ah, pitiful.
regrettable
pitiful inkosi and I
Alex and I when are we going to queue?
true when are we going to queue too
We have to meet when we are going to meet
Is
It's true that I'm talking to in a
thing in inski inkosi if you want later
I went up for a while to see, I'm going to see several
things I'm going to see D's video is making me
Summarizing the place, I think it is
summarizing
There was a beef between Wol and Aida Merlano.
Agustín 51 criticizes chat rooms for insulting
to the
Elite accuse Ruser King of being
unfaithful to the sea
Luke
and let's see these little things, come on
Oh, I already have it here. Ah, well, I already have it.
Here is the video of
Dallas I already have the video of the
Dallas
and
I already have the video of Dallas here.
we can see the video that was just uploaded
I don't know if it's the original that has me
since luare I imagine it will be a
summary let's take a look at it
made a video of Rubius, the kid is worth it
rich man who got richer is still called
The video is worth it, I think, let's see, I don't know if it will be released.
something new but I think it was related
with the fight he had with Gref El Rubius
does
little clear if it is on your channel What
you say neurotic clown
funker face
[ __ ] says Well of course if it is in your
channel
no [ __ ] No it's not the original it's a
summary that the luar has made me I am going to
watch 25 minutes and the video lasts almost 50
There are two infinite things in this world
One is watch the Dallas video but it is
I don't watch the Dallas video because the
Dallas video, you can see the original at
your channel
Uncle, I see the summary that luare makes me
You can see the original video on the Channel of
I understand, let's not unless it's a
video that suddenly becomes
you know about these of these of these of the
anime not one of those anime that come out of
suddenly boom and we see
eh normally we summarize places
summarize the video
and he takes the parts that he sees here
that we leave universe and the second
It is the extreme falsehood of the
influencers And the truth of the first one is not
I'm sure two and each of them is
They hate, they can't stand each other, especially those
who claim to be such good friends in reality
they are not the public many times
they dedicate themselves to raising a lot of garbage
among them and if not, well, all of them, all of them
Maybe everyone doesn't hate each other, but they do
those of the elite who form this
group among the majority of among
They among the majority of them eh
Besides, they do hate each other. I mean, there are many who
Dallas has very serious problems
You will know things, I know things, everyone.
knows things, it's worth it
eh There are many things there are many things that
that have happened between them
Hey, strong ones
personal intrafamilial That is, there are
many things that, that is, there are many things
that that that that they can't be seen that they can't be seen
you can really see each other and you don't talk to each other or
There are some that are amazing, okay?
because look, there are cases in which some
They cannot be seen directly because they have
busy things have happened and I know things
that I'm not going to say and I'm not going to give any clue
because if I gave a clue you know but
also there are no there are no that do not speak in
the reality is that they don't talk to each other, they agree
They don't even greet each other. But then
face in the series while they are
recording and such they act as if they were
friends yes yes What's up pi pi pi Look
They even upload screenshots as if
They will talk on record as if such and such were the case
the fool they make of themselves to exchange
audience and to collaborate with each other
It is tremendous to see for one
part On the one hand let's see
It is no secret that in the
In the business world, falsehood is a
flag Yes intra-family luar let's see what
I said it a bit as a joke but yes
It is true that there are some who may
They have big problems such as
example look what happens between
wescol and Juan guarnizo is worth it
that wescol has insulted the girlfriend no and
Don't forgive those people, they will end up
They will end well, okay, but other things
strong that those you know things like that you know
so that I am not going to tell, I am not going to
obviously not to tell or give clues but
you can't see them you can't see them okay
They cannot be seen and they hold on
collaborate one and invite each other to the series
eh they invite you to the series one invites the
that the series is not spoken and it is something
It is normal to see this in business.
does or is the business This is so or
be business in the fat worlds of
Business is usually done this is a
a little different because of course the issue of
influencers youtubers streamers and
other m
what it has is that it implies or is
our work
implies how we would say it as a deal
personal, that is, you have a
personal treatment you like me better
I fall
It's worse if I say something that makes me slip up or that
the day before I said the opposite to you
feel bad or
a relationship, let's say, a bit at a distance
but it implies a virtual relationship no and and
in their world of the
collaborations Well it's the same then
It's not the same. Maybe a business.
It is worth two businessmen who have to
collaborate or do business not that of the
Coca-Cola with the potato chips. No, me.
What do I know to sell more? I don't know what I don't know.
how many people have to
collaborate, get together, travel together, eh? No
I know it's different it's different But oh well
There it is, there it is, it is a reality, they do
They have done it for public, but for private it is
a reality is already there, I was going to say Well
but there is no need to [ __ ] around because they are
people who earn six figures a month
some more and it is
As is good in all businesses, they charge
a lot of money and they look to earn more
still it wouldn't be a million either
times the level of battle of egos that
they have between them is so so so
incredible but at the same time they are
capable of being said mn production
My goodness, Dallas has become uglier after
the operation look mn Production la la
disease that you have with Dallas and
how bad you are with the dala
that you are [ __ ] NPCs. I mean, you think you are.
that he has had his entire face operated on
Wednesday and you think today is going to be
recording and editing a video with your face
so without inflating or anything, I mean, I think that
Let's see, I don't know if I have it here.
hand I don't know if I have it here at hand
because I have to make the video, man
I'm really going to wait for it to grow.
more but I have to do the
video or rather
Look at me Look at me just Look at me
Simply because I got hair eh And
This can be said by anyone who
has put hair
Hey, anyone who has ever had hair
You can say it, okay, look, just
because I put myself
hair imagine one who has had surgery
full face all over
you are sick you are
you are sick, you are sick, lost today, vig
people even laughing at him that he
Dallas is going to get an avatar to do
the videos of while he recovers
Because it will surely be many weeks
and that he is going to get a Vituber avatar And
they were messing with the Avatar
Vituber that if why didn't they put a
toucan and people who say you host But
Why do you bother with the physical, man?
then when someone else messes with the physical
You get offended or criticize Dallas and he gets involved.
with the physique of
someone you are special you are
specials so false to follow
inviting among themselves the same
stupid tournaments and events just for
see who can cover more of the
competition everyone competes to catch a
bigger piece of the same pie
especially the world of streaming
because at least in YouTube videos the
People usually have time to see several
videos at the same time but if you see a
streaming you don't see the other and this has
a fact especially noticeable in the last
tournament that El Rubius just won one
of the most extremely creators
false ones that are in the whole scene that
literally invites people to your event
to the one who hates the one who detests with the
who has already had a lot of problems
in other events different from
influencers and still keeps inviting him
Why by numbers by Claro
but the thing is that the Rubius issue with
the
numbers in the events that the blonde does
there is a there is
I'm already running out of B because I have
made four entities alceo 4 hours in the
topic of the Rubius topic in the
events organized by El Rubius there is a
separate ingredient I don't know if it
will mention Dallas
now
Rubius organizes a fortnite tournament
organized several okay I say a tournament of
Fortnite like the one I'm telling you about, a tournament
from tetr it is worth it but in this case
Fortnite if I'm not mistaken
Epic pays El Rubius does not stop this
tournament is an ad not fortnite no no
that a group of 100 streamers or 50
streamers are not playing in that tournament
You don't have to invite them What do you do without
this
people What do you do without this
people and that happened eh that happened with with
In several tournaments there was movement in the figures
that everyone who is at the event
time to not miss anything of the
Temporary repercussion and the fame that they have
can give his two minutes literally
It is an event where a lot of people
millionaire starts playing fortnite
for prizes of 0.000 the minimum wage in
Colombia for example is 286 per month
These are 3,432 per year, that is to say,
Colombian should be working
8 hours a day 40 hours a week
for 3 years in a row to do the
same thing that these people do to win a
game of fortnite despite this and
the obvious display of ridiculousness
subhuman in our society that
We watch crazy movies like The
Hunger Games where Oh how can it be
could it be that the rich are doing this?
What a crazy movie What a society
Dystopian literally means not paying the bill
tournament Eh, I'm very surprised that Ruben
don't charge for promoting a game
So you make a promo for a game
by the face
Well, let those who do it do it.
They do not play those who gain audience for the
game but what does the blond do without those
Let's pay for the game anyway.
It is paying to pay for the tournament and that is paying
but in any case he will surely charge
Okay, but what is it?
What would El Rubius do if he didn't invite people?
more or less
great that we have today people who
HE
dying from the Dallas scam
fire Because because he is my master he is my
I love and if I talk about the scam with which
will surely go to jail okay
accumulate to the 45 years of prison that already
They have been asking for a decade because I
He scolds me and punishes me and doesn't like me anymore.
the
tweet set fire you got me
set fire I'm not talking about that because I don't
It's not a scam and it's a [ __ ]
[ __ ] [ __ ] or the fact that
that he posted a message on his discord
saying eh I'm going to create a group of
Telegram to recommend where I
like to invest And where No, well it seems to me
a [ __ ] nonsense what happens is that
you are sick you are sick what I
I don't understand if you're sick, yes, well
I was going to tell you if you are sick because
They are pending but of course it is one of
the ingredients are not one of the ones
of which is one of the requirements for
being sick is sick uncle or rather he is
[ __ ]
bad, what nonsense is that the other
make a TV group where he
recommends where he
I would invest, so you know what a
scam I can give you a million
example of what they are
scams sell a product and don't get it
It is a scam to sell a product
as if it were original Nike brand
and that it is nisu that is a
scam that you believe you are a group of
Telegram where you recommend or are going to
recommend It is assumed where you do invest or
where not that I imagine he will do it with
any of these colleagues who
They invest and they know I don't have a [ __ ] thing
idea because it is a topic that I do not
It's interesting but the truth is that you are
very
bad is that every day every day
every day
days every day to anything that
does the
kid every day to anything
what do you do
kid, you look awful
but do it or don't do it, eh, that is, do it or don't do it
make children hungry by making them famous
spoiled people who treat money as if it were
out toilet paper count your words
c things didn't really happen there
most pathetic I've ever seen and it's not the
first time you sweat other times that I'm in
Rubio's past being able to
invite people like Windy which he
He was the main precursor of bullying
against her in his day together with an
Gameplays Rubius don't be mean we'll talk
also from Ari the privileged Gameplay
totally disconnected from reality
that same lady who defended the violin
of coscu saying ayo left the past But
Cos is still pretty, let's see. Stop it.
hook up with things from the past What the
[ __ ] Yeah but sometimes my grandpa
dares to act like a super feminist
holding feminist events for 8M
now being able to say that
I was very glad that Windy was in
the Tournament only basically stops
to please Rubius I mean that I
It's exciting Even if you don't believe it
because you invent things based on your
head but it has a lot of IL
Wind conversation let's see let's see that's it
Same to me it doesn't seem bad that He
Rubius invited Windy, so why not?
If the girl wants to participate she doesn't have to
no personal problems are anti things
I mean, I know there is
people well I have several people who
Today their lives are about talking about the
discussion they have had with me in
2019 2020 okay And there are people who are
clinging to the past at the end between
They what happened because He
Rubius participated in the fashion of that
then in which everyone
criticized Windy, disliked Windy or
that
I was precisely one of the few
if not the only gossip channel that
I defended windy day I there they are
videos or the route is
There And yes, Windy disappointed me, to be honest.
If I thought he was a bad person when I
tried to pull the channel because because
I said in a video that I didn't like it
to put scratches on Juan
I guarnizo okay or rather like me me me
put a strike for that uncle when I
I helped get his channel back when he
was left without a channel, uncle, maybe it
I would have been able to recover it
or not but to me it doesn't seem windy either
a good person I don't know now it's happened
you will see for a long time but
eh I wouldn't break my back either
windy
But in the end, what did they have?
Well, Windy Rubius joined the trend.
of turning your back on this one and the other one
It got very intense, very heavy, very behind
of him because I am a person who does not
wants to talk I don't put Pin Pin Pin him
I chase him down the street, I chase him in bit O
whatever I tell you no
and
who wants to participate in the Tournament then
I don't think it's bad. Hey, it has like even
his joke no and his grace no but neither
I'm going to say how Ari makes me happy that
windy participates in the tournament to see
Ari doesn't give you any illusion either.
It's one thing that seems to you
whether you like it or not, but do it to yourself
I'm excited to see what you understand
same as mine with ar from a couple of years ago
years of how She said no way
I would never fix things with Windy
She is very happy that I am participating
you are going to do this part and finally the
blond being able to invite people
Well, it may have changed.
opinion I have also said many times
maybe at some point I will never
I would talk to this one and the years go by
You better cool down and you can talk, that's it
without any fault to the letters of the
transpa word making comments
disgusting to a trans girl and when she
They say it in their Stream literally
completely ignores why because this
trans person Well apparently it is a
Twitter user who is in fashion and you already know
anything goes, share a little bit of fame
like when Rubius at the evening put on
to repeat a phrase from Coscu's violin
ca and all the
world and the abuser of coscu everything
private because Rubius has told my
Cageta Luers juice phrase by Norma
generally they turn out to be spoiled children who
has usually had a fairly long life
simple but if you manage to pretend
social networks that his life has been very
suffered because and are the victims of the
society but in reality they are people with
a high social level used to be
usually people who always
They dreamed of becoming famous, of being known
in one way or another people who are
accustomed to being false with everyone
world to achieve their ultimate goals
people who generally don't know how to say anything about
what they think unless that which
They really think their money is going to rise
social status or that they will even be
capable of deceiving and lying to anyone
person in order to maintain that same
status and that includes defending
abusers who had to be in the
prison Like for example Cos that the
Saints of Super Feminists of Super
justice
fight for social injustices
that you were working at Disney for
I am already superior
eh, I mean, I already say there
you but yes
Disney Disney is super right now
[Music]
inclusive
s
super winged feminist good Maybe
precisely for that reason not the only great
who spoke about the topic of coscu was me
everyone else either stayed
silent or were even capable of
defend him or even use his
phrases like El Rubius made at the event
of the evening he played hooky for
things of the past What the [ __ ] onimo in
his day also saying that he was God Goku
It is God And all For one reason and it is
To please the masses, they will do anything
to be liked by the masses they are
always led by an alpha male
who has the most followers of all and of the
which Everyone wants to grab on to
ticks in this case ivai being
capable of condemning an uncle who gave him a
peak at a soccer player But in
change keeping in your event
Cos abuser I stayed away from this one
world I long long long before
I started to have controversies because
I never liked his attitudes that
had among themselves and how they treated each other
between them and this also caused me
the problems, most of them that I
They gave it later since they are the type of
people that if you are not with them you are
against them even though at that time
I didn't even dedicate myself to making criticisms
of any kind and yet they threw me away
all the trash influencers here
2016 enci Javi you what did you opt for the TR
phobia of that [ __ ] poster Well then
summary
ruku
I think I want to think that he didn't do it
with with
knowing that she was a girl
tran me for example, notice that I
I would have let's go I had commented
Things about that girl had come out here in
In the Caprim Min, for example, it came out and
I'm going, it's not until
We talked about this twitterer
no no no I didn't notice I didn't look at it I
I know I don't know either
You know I don't care I'm not paying attention to
those things
So I want to think that the
to mock the voice was to mock the
voice mocking How a person speaks
which is already a bit childish
Let's say But not because I'm a [ __ ] girl
I want to think about it
now I don't know
Eh yes I think that kid doesn't like me
I agree, what is the name of the twitterer?
but I do believe that the worth is worth it
to put my foot in it I read some barbarities of
from his Twitter account and he's going to cause a stir
anywhere what I know if they take it
as a fashion and they are taking it to
site and such goes some behavior that
the value as Authentic full is
basically what they are is not that
To me it seems to everyone
disgusting the truth fully bannable man
let's see if he did it with the intention
Knowing that she is a trans girl, well yes.
but it's not Let's see it's a mockery the Es
a joke
a It's a joke a The way he talks is childish
but you will see both as bannable and od
everyone because in reality they hate each other
themselves according to what you have asked
Why are there so many influencers who
They leave their channels completely abandoned
who only dedicate themselves to doing
streaming or literally abandon it
sometimes everything completely and sometimes they create
new channels such as
example of germ and other style is
because they have a level of insecurity and
when they reach a certain level before
continue maintaining the streak that already
They have so much insecurity because
within who decide to abandon their channels
before seeing how the channels can fall
by themselves it is very likely many of
You have asked why so many
YouTubers who abandon their channels
main and were dedicated
exclusively to Twitch and the reason is
This is seeing that your video is in the
number one position creates a lot of Lina for you
but then when you see that it is going down
More and more the statistics are felt
As more and more failures in some way
way And then they do it alone
They abandon the r F for many years
the undisputed number one YouTuber
for many many years since the year
2012 to 2000 18
approximately the uncle did not have
competition of any kind but starting
year 2018 was slowly going down more and more
more and more and more until many people
Either he didn't remember him or he didn't even remember him.
It didn't even make it into the top 5 of more
recognized one of those that is heard under
Hello, can you hear me?
low Okay I'm going to lower it a little bit
video went way ahead in its
moment was precisely gref a guy
with whom one hates oneself, one cannot stand it
literally every time they participate
something together especially on the part of the
Rubius who has no no but it is that to
gref fell for me and I say this, let's go
very calm, it's not that Rubius doesn't
you can see is that they can't see it a
lots of those who collaborate and then go
everyone is invited to your event, that is,
Gref has made messes behind his back
They have criticized it but what the hell eh or
when the rewind thing came some
few to tell me about the rewind os
Do you remember the rewind that he put on?
money to pay for the rewine so that it is
issued in its that it premiered in its
channel
eh they put it behind but come on
Many came to tell me the exclusive
No, I gave the exclusive here, not here.
I gave the exclusive on the main channel and
almost no one can see it
You're wrong Javi, you can't know what it is.
trans but made fun of someone who wasn't
knew and without having the confidence passing
the limit of respect but let's see it is not
the same as you mock by missing the
respect someone that you make fun of
voice that seems to me like a little boy to see one
30 year old person makes fun of another person for
How he speaks and Rem Ah look at the voice that
It is childish but it is not the same
that a transphobia is already a transphobia
for me it's a few steps
more up the more fragile ego of the
two that play was repulsive what gref did
eh it was tremendous it was for not inviting him
more So let's see, I'll do that.
Well I can't do that because I
and I can't afford a rewind but I'll
I make an ally in the squid game
when I was invited to the game of
squid or anywhere else and I don't
they call
more but gref how does it
He does things and such and has his
events too and well it doesn't matter that
between them it doesn't matter that they can't
see and hate each other and spit on each other
behind or whatever you know So no
that doesn't make any sense
that a guy wants to deceive you all and
do that
dirty with the other because it is that no longer
It's that no, it's not that I don't invite you anymore
gref to nowhere is that you continue
coming out in the
rewine Because the other cool Alex is
just as much a participant in the deception as
They tried to make everyone gref
or even more because in the end the video
It's yours, that is, the cool Alex is looking after you
By doing you a favor, they are doing you the favor
Please participate streamers
great in your video for the grace that
It is for the community that is not for the
community is for the videos of that
kid is for that kid's channel and
For that kid's company it is worth it
Surely the company will now do well
very well thanks to that but well I don't
It matters, it has turned out well, okay, but no
the truth is it's a [ __ ] mess
what Alex did cool also the gref and
the cool one because the cool one is
fell to the others and now invites Willy
invites lesby invites auron invites
all without telling them that Gref pays for it and
which will premiere on a gref channel
on Twitch okay And now you imagine a
Willy Rex doing you a favor by losing
the day wasting the day recording
that's free and now it's released in the
Gref's channel that's why
So everyone continues to participate in it
rewind because it's from the community it's not
of the community is of the
little group insulting him, calling him everything
You have to keep in mind that they are children
need attention and that's it, even if the
Things are what they are, Gref is dedicated
usually to bite him, to bother him and
the other gets incredibly upset because
has an incredibly fragile ego
respect is very curious because it is a
feeling quite similar to what happened
on his day with Ari privileged Gameplay
and windy windy at the time was very
above Ari and Ari goes looking for her
specifically making him Stream
sniping a windy just to try to win
his two mines of fame making him
bullying the person who was in fashion
Bullying him, I just killed Noames
Well, Gref's thing is something
similar I don't remember the numbers No
I could tell you if Ari was doing worse than
to windy to windy better I think that
were doing well at both of them at that time and that
Ari did it because she was like the la
Padilla windy I'm into Stream sniping
I don't see it one thing I didn't see in your
moment and I don't see one thing I understand
I understand the anger of the moment, I understand
you know there is no good vibes between
them so you can play that joke on them but
I don't see it as a very serious thing either.
I don't know if you're giving me other comments that
Ari has done at least I can tell you
Wow, that's ugly, it happened here, do you understand me?
but specifically about Stream sniping
This one seems to have caused a stir.
tremendous windy and I don't see that much A lo
better because I'm not a player too
I say eh but
No, I don't think Ari at that moment
will need to suck on Windy's fame
because Ari was doing incredibly well in those
times were also going incredibly for the
two but much much much more I think
which was more because it was the fashion no
throw at Windy and do things to him
windy ruus dedicated himself to making fun of the
Windy's reaction to the Archangel
Gabriel when Rubius literally has
an even worse reaction considering
count Javi only because he was taken out of
all that if it weren't there
defending him man Rodrigo Well if you
Do you think I would defend myself and tell you?
It seems great that Alex is cool and he deceives
everyone who is collaborating there
free man well I don't know then what
What are you doing here if you think I would take and
I would say that if he called me there
go out in a
video of
Depends
It depends, I don't know if it would come out or
No, for example, I'm not into the HL thing.
I would have gone, I have already said it a thousand times in
First of all, because Gref can do it for me.
It may seem like anything, but they are awards
that were with people's votes yes
you would have wanted
let's go to the rewine I don't know but let's go my
opinion on the filth is the same
opinion I was invited to the evening and no
I went and I could have
gone quietly, let's go, I take the car and
I'm going there just like I went there on purpose
Chinese that what they are doing to him is not
has no point of comparison with what
Ari made it to windy Two years ago
participate in another series but it is that
anyway if you have to me
compare me to a Willy Rex or a
auron Play or with an ibai Well, jombre the
It's true that you're a little disoriented
the fact that I go out, imagine it's worth it
the fact that I am invited to some
hlan in the r you don't earn a [ __ ] [ __ ]
whether you go out or not because
There, whoever doesn't know you won't be there.
recognize watching a video and why
you appear there for a few seconds but
Imagine if the Eslam Awards nominate me.
as news coverage imagine
Imagine if there were
cattle Imagine if there were
I do benefit from cattle, you understand me?
But if I am Willy re or if I am
auron Play or if I am
ibai if I participate in a
rewind I do not benefit I am
helping Alex benefit
So if on top of that I eh I am you
benefiting me you deceive me because I'm not going anymore
you understand me more another thing is that I
that I put them Green invite me to the
eslan and take with the wife and go and
spend the afternoon have a laugh enjoy me
take a prize And I take some
followers esy different I am
I am benefiting
benefiting me
You understand, it's not a personal thing that I
that they seem to me to be some more slobs
Any of you there now invite me to
the evening and I thank you again
It will be But I'm not going there to a place
where the protagonist has done what
ha
fact seems different to me the truth
It seems different but of course I'm not
I consider myself an elite YouTuber.
These big ones don't I mean I'm here
commenting on the gossip And that's it no no no
I see it the same way people tell me a lot
That's not like what that guy just gave me.
kid no Oh but it's that you do
They invite you, do you go? If they invited you, would you go? I don't know.
what is it like But it's that I
beneficiary is not the same as mine for me
a question of principle is for example
the theme of the evening Why the [ __ ] because
A guy who made one is participating
photo or in other words at the evening at the evening
the protagonist was a guy who made him
a photo of a naked girl while
that I was unconscious man I don't
[ __ ] off and we're here r r r what a man
It would have been the [ __ ] that I would have
caught and would have appeared at the evening
but I love any of the channels
gossip
Okay, it's a different matter for me.
principle is such a topic
you know, a matter of changing to, for example
take Imagine that it will never happen but
Imagine that a bunch of people tell me, hey, well
Look, you appear here. Well, maybe I will.
for doing the grace for having the way and
so as not to say I'm not telling you anything and
then when we see him here reacting
p I show up and we have a great time
I'm fine, but Alex is cool to me in the end.
He hasn't done anything to me, I have nothing against him.
he actually agreed with him
Squid Game And well, kid, no
but what I did was a dirty thing, yes
I am one of the youtubers who benefit
I'm not giving you any more information about the video, it's just that it is
different It is that it is different I see it
different eh I see it
I see it differently
different different together because
Rubius Gref killed him twice Oh how bad
that you have killed me twice in one game
What this video is about is two years ago
Hey, I've been killed, but when they kill me
I get tapped by tapped so that
I don't understand it, there are some rules we put in place
Yes, uncle El Rubius gets very angry and takes
very in
Seriously, these things are about games.
as soon as the being started he wanted to go for it
someone all the time you know once killed
This is when the gren kills him, he doesn't say
Well, shut up and shoot him in the
flush is already there when another person does not have
nothing if you kill him again all the time
plan repeatedly and you go for it at the
In the end, it creates what the Griffin is.
game that they were playing that
llama ras literally is a game that
is dedicated to griefing then how
you're going to do griefing in a game
that the way to play it is precisely
annoy others and break their foundations
prevent them from living and end them
shots literally the game consists of
that if you can get that, that's why
you are a bad loser and in fact the
The funny thing is that he himself says it
principle threatens the same with what
He is complaining after I have been
killed but when they kill me they will
Grifo comes, or maybe he says it from
joke but say if they kill me one
maybe the tap comes he can do it
but if they do it to him then he cries
like a little child what is happening
here it is all the time, what do I know?
They will have content. I won't know what to do.
all the time trying to come by
I know but well that's what it has to be
hook up with someone to get views
If not difficult, what level of
such pathetic and repulsive egocentrism
you can manage to have to invite that
These things seem to me like a
nonsense But
Well, a series to people who then
You say they have to get hooked on you
to get views and know what to do
constant comments pretending as if
he was the person who had to be
hook to get views when already in
At this time he was not number one nor
neither number two nor number three had
fallen from the top for quite some time and
I still know how to make such comments.
Here is our dear little friend,
gref the type of the is that no no the
truth between El Rubius and gref in these
moments I think greev is bigger
No, I think right now Greev is more
popular than El Rubius
not at least among the youth
Of course, then at the media level from
outside not the boomers and others because as
The name Rubius sounds familiar to me because he is
as the name of Spain not the name of
The Spanish YouTubers are El Rubius.
Not a person I particularly like
Well if I have to choose between who I
He likes better or worse between him and Rubius
honestly it is a very good choice
difficult If I had to choose between
Who do I like better, him or her?
Rubius man
Rubius If I had to choose between who
I think Rubius would give in to me better.
I don't think El Rubius is the one that is being seen
bad people not all in all do not have
their things no but bad people no
No, but the gre has some little things that
It's no different than watching El Rubius What has
made to see what El Rubius has done like this
that we should stay away from any such attitude
but what has He done?
Rubius
remember me It's not that I fall It's not that
I really like him but I really don't see him.
let's see no no no something bad like
Rubius is bad, but he is bad.
Bad collaborates with Shas but something bad
like look at greb for example they are
of the
iPods fart into the microphone
Yutos with tens of thousands
viewers what else was gref me doing
put a
strike made a fix in the putting
taking people out making them lose
everyone's time and a lack of
respect to his followers not with those
scams that
made it happen with Win michu who
Rubius, let's see one thing and another cordiality
thing is
take truth gref with the car How
It's how it's gone, the things he's done.
with the car that Willy told it too
apart from the 180 but Rubius bad let's see
away from any scene so you don't
may fall better but bad so something bad
that you are going to be a bad person, to me either
I don't like him, eh, I mean, especially not
I like it It's not that I love it, no But
Well no, he is not a person I like.
bad gref about the covi man about the covi What
did yes El Rubius Maybe not that
put one like that in his series Someone who
have done questionable things in any
series things like that No
but he hooked up with his fame but that's a
thing of
Kids don't pay taxes in Spain
He tried to flirt with Lizy but that was it.
like before Dallas
I was with him and Liis is very pretty
Who doesn't who doesn't know
I would fix it but for me gref obviously
Worse Javi, accept a debate with another click.
chaos key king of the guinea pigs and the
critics who will return on the 15th
2024 let's see if that way you can lower your
stupid [ __ ] that yesterday osca you
I eat quietly, silly
Ho as di as if they teach you a
baby and you say this is pretty obviously and in
your mind doesn't think that's because it's not there
being honest but if you say it that is
It sounds really shitty
ugly what the hell did he say I didn't understand
what you just said is [ __ ] [ __ ]
What if I see a baby and I tell the baby
It's shitty, no, I don't understand, I don't understand
understood your [ __ ] Give me again like
You know I like to be neutral in everything
situations and with which in the life of
Today you will see how I give and take away the
reason equal parts to the two bad C
with let's see literally it is a game
what a rat and obviously Rubius comes
which obviously above all
wants to pretend to be more alpha male than
gref because both compete for
exactly the same audience none
different and fixed what you try to do
El Rubius V stop stop come let's go
here please what you are doing
I'm tapping, uncle, that's what's the point of this?
opinion and Rubius is bothered by any
Anything that Gref does, he hates with all his heart.
soul because it is its main competence
and with which it lets you reduce your
good boy attitude I don't know if it's because
be your main competition I think that
It's that he doesn't like it, that he doesn't swallow it and
already the reasons are several small when
see that something like this happens because we are
honest at the level of rules or terms
Gamer has no sense whatsoever
You look at this all the time.
trying to act as the leader of the pack
saying hey I'm going to talk to everyone
Come stop what you're doing
You have to come here and listen to me now
same in a game of you can't what
level
Hey, you're playing a game. Dear, play.
The Sims Hey what's up dude huh I swear
Ok, what Gre does is already done.
Ravaging nose preparing the next one
prank to play on Rubius because
he loves the guy he knows he is
bothering Rubius and he still continues
bothering him even more to sting him
even more so and fixed what he is going to do
while Rubius is trying to explain
as leader of the pack to see in
honor the truth I also tell you that
Greev is a pain in the ass, he's very annoying
but we are interested in that little salt
that way he does it on purpose too
eh Don't think he does it for because
no no he does it to prick to give
for ass and for
generate it one person all the time
When you have killed him I promise you that I will
done unintentionally has not been done without
wanting is a lie is that also
lying uncle What was the reaction of
Rubius, this thing that Gref killed him once.
once V is enough for him to kill Rubius
once for Rubius to respond
following way fixed that this is
strong
Hey, you don't have the balls to debate with others.
click nor with duman you are a person
Disgusting that I humiliate otoc click on a
debate you don't have the balls to react to
the chronology of
Wario, well no, actually.
No, I can't refute something that is
I really can't refute something that is
facks humiliated him, humiliated him, well that's it
outside is tto uncle is that that p the rules
guy seems like he doesn't want to play or something
Uncle, they set the rules that when he speaks
The holiness of Rubius cannot be
shooting that's what the rules say
There was nothing in the rules about not
You can insult people because they
He just insulted me by saying that he is stupid
see also that in the tournament a few years ago
days he also started to insult him that he is
The most curious thing about the subject is that
It's already off the server, it's literally
a little boy from school who when
If you make him angry, he grabs the ball and says it's mine.
ball you do not play is a gentleman already with
more than 30 years behaving as if
had five publicly insulting
his supposed companions getting angry
because he kills him in a killing game and
on top of that threatening that well that's it
outside the server why do you invite him if
He dislikes it so much because the reason is very
simple by numbers by falsehood because
has to continue to stay relevant
made many videos about it
Rubius because I got to know him a
a little more personally than the rest
We were not friends at all.
less and these videos are quite a while ago
years and I told a lot of things that were
pure truths about this gentleman some
people believed me and other people directly
He didn't even want to believe me, there were people who did.
who were his colleagues and contacted me
then to tell me more crazy things
still by call definitely
Rubius is not the worst person in the world
nor is he a criminal as is the case with
coscu but he is a little boy with
the extremely fragile ego that does not
treats no one or their supposedly well
friends or girlfriends or ex-girlfriends who have
had He just doesn't treat them well
That which is killer Just doesn't do it for me
He seems to be a good person and
reason is saying more or less what
I'm saying that in the end neither
It's something to see, no, no. Let's see, I don't know if it is.
good person or but no me no me no
has me
in fact I have never seen anything of his that I
tell me what a bad person he is in fact he has
similar to what it seemed to me in
sometimes these things don't happen
These comments do not And this attitude
You know I've also seen things that I've
said Ahes Look it's nice it looks it looks
a nice guy on some occasions I have
thought also I don't know no no no it's not a
person I don't like El Rubius the
true Although it seems to me a
piece It's not that I think it's a
scammer And this is a fact I made you
several voices on the subject as well
The guy is dedicated to going around Andorra more
of 100 km per h in portfolios of 30 It is a
danger to road safety other
people who do not contribute anything but we are going to
be neutral no no the gref is very serious
What Gref did is very serious. Gref has done it
very serious things, the truth is right
He is right, that is the least.
important in life but he is right
very chopped ball as is my ball now
you play with my ball that's what I'm saying is that
In the end you don't have a good time you know why
because he has killed you once because he has
killed once you don't have a good time what
ridiculous seriously what do they see in this
Sir, what does it bring to your life?
correct teaching has given you results
that this tournament that apparently
Rubius organized it, according to what is understood, in addition
with the collaboration of Epic who are the
creators of fortnite are offering
$1,000 cash prizes for
the person who won each of the
rounds of the different games the thing
It is that being something where there is so much
money at stake that is 3 years of
work for an average person in
Colombia and even more years of work if
You are a person who is in Argentina
Well, it is expected that it is at least something
Seriously, maybe the tournament is not that good
well specified but not apparently a
tournament where Rubius could change the
rules at any time without any
type of notice and put what gave you the
wins at any time as I gave it to you
wins which at first I didn't like
apparently the rules occurred with
Rubius saying the rules
randomly as it seemed to him and with
the order that seemed right to him before
from the games in the voice chat and that's it
people had to remember that
It is that for this round Rubius said a
many times different rules that
You will see below how he himself does not
He doesn't even comply with them but gets angry once
barbarity with gref because gref doesn't either
he himself complies with them and violates his own
rules and says "As it is, I don't care, it's my"
tournament I can do whatever I want
literally like a little child
The thing is that in the game this doesn't happen to you
you could cure and gref came up with
smart guy the next idea of ​​a campfire
that technically were not items that you
you pick up your inventory but it was good
gref healed himself to touch his balls
also knowing that it was not possible, that is
He did it because he knew La Movida
that was going to come, heals you in the area what
It's happening son
I've already told you, but why does he do this?
Why does he do this he tells him Just like that
has a mental problem after
having insulted him insults him more
subsequently exaggerated this is crazy eh
someone who assumes that your friend is you
seems to insult him live like that
people here not only insult
gref who was actually the only one who did it
He did nothing but insult Gref and everyone else.
His friends say they are fools who must pay
with a [ __ ] in the face the best thing is not
found out about the rules And yes it can be me
I am more in favor of thinking that it is
found out but wasn't sure what to say
do it anyway because the es
that the rules were said in a way
very random literally said it He
Rubius just before entering Well I think
that I think he did it Knowing what
was going to provoke games were not there
written or anything was he saying a
a lot of stuff in voice chat
while people were on Stream
doing his own streams and he would take it and
suddenly did this Just peaks in
chopped floors without luting anything zero no
you can carry nothing in your pocket and not
You can cut it with apples or anything.
peak you can't touch any other button
Well here yes Gref heard the part of the
beginning and then completely no
heard the following could have
thought mm the Apples are light but I
I'm not picking anything up without doing one
bonfire listening carefully to what he says
this is important peaks in floors
chopped without batching anything zero you can't
carry anything in your pocket and you can't
close with apples or anything, just pick
You can't use any important buttons here that aren't
the wd make emotes and jump and kill
Obviously with the beak kill That's all
if you can just press W asd jump and the
left mouse click that means
that the e cannot be ejected and the key
and it is the one with which you collect so many objects
How do you use campfires the thing is that the
Rubius himself knew that the rules
they might not be heard well or someone
I would not have heard well what was going on
passing by someone had not noticed and
some will surely fall out is that I
I'm going to come to it literally the same
recognizes that someone may not have
aware of even though they are on top of it
did this and they accepted the rules he returned
to win the second game again
until the third game
He was directly allowed to go with a beak
that is, Hand to Hand and despite that
came in second place and really
Rubius didn't want Gref to win.
I wanted to give attention to Gref, he wanted
the attention of gref's followers
but I didn't want the person who falls on him
I won badly, the question is why
Invite because he is a child
extremely false and consensual is
really crazy what I saw now
He dedicates himself to smoking in his streams and people
He will say: Well, but he can do it
Whoever wants to smoke can smoke if they want Bla
Look, don't bother with nonsense, really.
when you have a large audience and
especially of young children who are
Those who follow this gentleman, I think that
You have it, but you can't, and they put you in.
On YouTube they strike you on YouTube they strike you
They can strike, they can strike you.
strike or they can put a restriction on you
age has passed me by, eh, responsibility
moral of not dedicating yourself to spreading
customs that are a poison that
they literally cause cancer the same
Applies to all the fools who seic
do a Cos and it happened to me that I
you counted YouTube to say Hey no
If you smoke badly in your live shows, it's not allowed.
You can't smoke, it's called chupam.
They are literally streams where they are put
drunks and usually people who
Follow those people, they seem to be very young people
little kids saying oh no s in
Twitch but I do it too. But
What does it cost you? I don't know how to close the camera
time to take a drag on your cancer
dust and then give the camera back no
content to be the supreme dictator of
These random rules that put each
different game Exactly damn you take off the
camera, I tell that to myself, to my
guests as long as they want to smoke
that they smoke, I'm not a smoker and
I understand that you are more comfortable smoking
If you are here 3 hours with me Chatting
you understand me then [ __ ] take off the
camera for a moment you put it on you know and smoke
front to curse people who hate him
He even dislikes him. Look, who he is.
the first to break those same rules
that he himself puts Uy what does it say here and
passenger e What is the e is the W is not the
a is not the s is not the d is not the space
It's not the right c, it could only be done
press those keys less if you are Rubius
So of course he can.
do it because it is above
any other person What is your
comment about himself and
to enforce their own fixed standards because
This is true, my tournament is pathetic.
I can do whatever I want, it's my tournament
I can do whatever I want Ah this
I don't
we knew this we didn't know places
Damn, we didn't know this, you this.
It would have been good, eh, good information. Ah, me.
I didn't know that, damn, look, we talked about it.
Well, what I told you before
little kids who take the ball away from you and
They say it's my ball, you can't play.
literally you are the first one who
broke your own rules literally
the key you had to press gr to
lighting the bonfire was the same as you
you press the same one that you infringe And of
new if you break the rules there is no
problem you say you didn't get the prize seba
to the second home but all were needed
the insults in the middle of someone who is
suppose he is your friend that you like
That's ridiculous, right? The fake.
A true influencer knows no limits
but apparently this other type of
here that apparently they were
coaching is saying what
had to do within the game
which in principle would go against
the rules since it is in a certain way
do some cheating, I guess he has it.
Rubius for him and another person who
would also be breaking the rules
somehow we are here to you
saying that the uncle is doing
W traps It seems that you have played
being searched invited the game But
Well, the guy was bad, you know, and I give him
I think Win, that is, if someone else does it
cheats I give you the 10,000 anyway
Since they are not mine, as epic puts it, no
nothing happens, look pathetic and then on top of that
puts the blame on Gref that he
the insult is disrespectful, it is fado
because he calls him a child, what is insulted is not in
the moment it was less than 10
minutes you can call him a sick fool
mental that likes to attract attention and
He already says if I just called him boy you of
You're really awful, Ruben, you double what you
You have bent the cerebellum I swear
Hey, how can you have such a face?
It's so hard that I can't explain it, eh?
something that goes beyond my understanding and
You know a funny thing that literally
Rubius is the first in others
events is constantly dedicated to
break other people's rules
because then there is How funny that
It's me, there is no legal loophole and it is not possible
use this if it can't be used there isn't any
There isn't one, there's no legal loophole, you tell me.
You can invent yes you can invent even
he reacts with laughter to pretend
that he could do to Real Madrid, he couldn't
making forward bends can be used
destroy Vegeta's laer can be put
Mines inside houses can be stolen
by
literal siaso when someone breaks
the rules How funny I am when
It's Gre who breaks the rules in this case.
child likes to attract attention has
a mental problem is a fool is a
incredibly stupid in fact it was done
memes with the anti-Rubius rules Ah
but when Rubius does it nothing happens
but he does anyone who is not him
then he gets angry like a little boy and
There are clips of him using x King is
basically a [ __ ] hack to make
cheating I did something that didn't say anything
of the rules on it I am using
that they did not set the rules that they did not
you can use wedges hacks I really
eh, incredible what this guy does, but only He
Rubius started using little phrases from the
Coscu, the abuser inside the event
from hib because How fun to use the
little houses of a violin What
fun already ap l Gamay but on top of that
when someone tells you that one of
its participants had dedicated themselves to being
a piece of transf fos what are their
comments what's happening chat
people chat
There is the thing about repeating the phrase of
I say almost all creators
because a Twitter made two people uncomfortable
creators with comments
discriminatory but let's see it is
that he repeats the phrase of ccu but yes
They have it at the event and they have it in
the collaborations and they have it in the
things about them, of course, that is what the phrase says
from cocu because he [ __ ] with him and when
They are there with him because they will be in the
party with him they will toast and exchange
some cigarettes I know of course they are
with him repeating the phrase is what it is
less but I won't say more sig when later
you see that and we love you very much and thank you for
to do this type of events, I hope
I can make another one later, I ignore it
completely fixed as it ignores it by
complete and says, Oh, I'd better not say anything.
will defend someone who is being treated
bullying for the reason of his
gender fixed what he says incredible
Uncle, they just told you that they were
discriminating against a girl and not me Oh what
maybe I don't hear it because now
He himself hears it perfectly well.
This deplorable and disgusting attitude
context this clown here basically
He is a twitterer who for some reason
They have taken it as a meme and use the face of
this other gentleman here to put it in
profile picture of the one who was the account is
this little shade of mask here is this
guy is a piece of trans F of much
be careful that when a trans girl is
starts talking in the chat, his reaction is
the next one Hey, I already filled it out
come in like that, yes, he left me. He already left me.
I just told him who he is.
You know perfectly well who that is.
Who is that all the influential ones who
They are here and they know very well and
They investigate who the other people are
that are invited to the tournament this pazo
From here I knew perfectly well who he was.
that
It is not possible to know the truth, we do not know it.
I know the truth is she is a trans girl and I know it
perfectly fixed below then
or put them on the floor, how disgusting that is
rabble, this rabble has been invited
by El Rubius The condemned ruus the ruus
Mauro said something about this topic
Thank you very much friend. Hey, hey, now that
we are here 1
people
challenge challenge today in telesalseo we did
challenge of giving away c members each
we were almost the same as
Now my new ones we have been in the
direct I have been there for 3 hours I have been there for 3
hours there I don't know if I can stand you
So much for me here to you
but
but five members plus you here
Those of you who are here are almost all uncles today
They criticized me, well I'm not going to tell it.
a thing of your honor if you want
find out you find out But oh well five
members c members each if you give away
c members each 1 person
we burst
memberships have given away today the lordship
okay And here it is worth less here it is more
I am cheaper than most
untie here okay
less subsequently convicted when
did you see this at all because what's the point?
to do it the important thing is to choose to invite
to people who are famous at the moment
to earn their minutes of sight that the
leader mach Alf my tournament do it the
win if Esther my tournament is outrageous
These people expelled them. I saw a
tournament the noras and this Well I have
seen some things on your Twitter
nobi wouldn't have invited them I don't have
nothing against them or anything for them
style but I wouldn't have invited them already
If you see Twitter and some
comments you can already see the mentality And that
You see rules no longer your tournament but of
The whole Twitch and this guy with the channel
perfectly monetized ige idiots
9595 how disgusting and some are ridiculous
I'm trying to defend myself saying oh no maybe not
They did it because I was trans, yes.
they did that literally who
damn he starts making fun of the voice of
someone And more these people that their voice does not
It is precisely a dubbing actor
starts imitating the girl and trying to
imitate his voice Which is obviously a voice
with some change due to the obvious process
This is scum and it is scum from trans people.
Lamentably El Rubius has invited his
event and then no. Let's see, I don't know the
true could not no
They are necessarily bad wachiturros
spoken Yes, but let's see, I don't know
that I believe that I believe gives me the
feeling that they are laughing because
They see it as funny to make fun of the voice but
Hi Javi, can you send us a greeting to
Our school in Copn Greetings from
Honduras red heart by the way what has
past
Lots of haters here today
No, thank you very much, darling, let's see.
I can send yes But that has to be that
has to pass the trolling filter
Mauro Thank you very much for those 10 friends
A kiss, let's see, can you send us one?
Greetings to our school d c
or at least you've given me c turkeys
bastard
at least you gave me five bucks
bastard And I with all my good intentions
that I was going to say hello to your school hasn't
condemned at all for nothing now
gref that one yes that one insults him he says of him
All this madness is not going to happen to these people.
say nothing about the Lu issue
put trolling inside the game this
trolling they did not move and they plowed the
game to the other girl when they were playing
in groups literally trolling to
make the team lose
repulsive truth a level of
awesome disgustingness is one thing
very funny that one of the fans
Rubius's ridiculousness a few years ago
I started saying that he should report more to me
Twitch channel I propose that we make a
Massive complaint against Dallas, yes, without censorship
now right now he's talking [ __ ]
from Rubius in his Stream And if so many
rules you know how to forget what to get into
with other streamers on the platform is
bannable, you're going to tell him Rubius
when he was insulting his little friend
gre You're going to tell this to Rubius
when he literally put his inside
event to a guy with comments
Transformers, no, that's not what they're going to say for this.
class of gent is however dedicated
do these massive campaigns that don't
You lose it. This garbage had 6000 likes.
what madness all because
I was going to say I was going to say I was going to say
see what I put to a Random does not have
responsibility the streamer does not
evidently as if I had to
to be held responsible for any
There are a lot of barbarities to say about you, but
Man, I hate Dallas, eh, I mean.
6000 likes for posting this [ __ ]
[ __ ] 6000
likes talking Rubius, that is, critical
I criticize exactly the same as I do here
literally it is transphobia, let's see if Yu has it
made with that intention Yes
I think a kiss might be curious
I think it may be that they didn't know
because I also see them as very
childish and very so you know very childish and
I think it probably can too
It's simply to make fun of the voice
because they find it funny to make fun of
Someone's voice is worth it, I mean, I don't know.
Hey, maybe I'm too good.
thought the same things I have said in
This same video bothers you to listen to
The truth about your idol bothers you
hearing that your idol is a piece of
You think El Rubius is false?
previously he has also attacked me
me on his trash streams years ago
Ah, but they talk about their idol Rubius.
I don't remember exactly when I
I have cried because they give it back to me, what is it?
what they gave me back when is when
suddenly to respond to my criticisms
more based Impossible are dedicated to
try to remind me of accusations of the
past garbage really gent I say it very
Seriously, you scumbags, the signs of your
idol and start smoking the paper all that
same does not say others either
creators that he began to say it
next by gref there is always always
a [ __ ] who doesn't listen to anything. Look
I sack eggs who is the second because it is
lazy guy won lazy lazy guy s
there always has to be one campfire
he was wrong, he did it wrong
same [ __ ], [ __ ], they call it that
lazy guy who doesn't use bonfires goes and the lazy guy
low life use campfire eh idiot [ __ ]
They say the [ __ ], they say it is a thing
I don't remember when and I said so many
insults towards Rubius on my Twitch in
comparing the insults that Rubius gave him
has declined to gref and other creators
He has also dedicated to No recerdo but
These are not going to report because they form
part of Wi's little group no truth every
day I am more glad not to be part of
This kind of community garbage What
horror and lastly we have the
largest piece of fake on the planet
Privileged Ari Land Gameplays the
how much money did he deduct for it?
main precursor of extreme hatred
towards Windy when he saw that she had
invited El Rubius to windy this was it
what he had to say
Oh, by the way, Rubius is also inviting.
to wismichu a convicted criminal who almost
ends the life of a person by giving him
bottle hits betrayal in the head by
Let's invite Wismichu Estela
but let's see, so what do I tell you?
I say from the head and was dedicated to doing
a few years recording minors in chatul
and to publish uncensored videos
girls he recorded on his page
disgusting website by
Please, I have a lot of respect for the
I highly recommend tent sil and theme
zorman I think saying that makes me
illusion Even if you don't believe it
because you invent weird things in
your head you invent things
Listen carefully to what this person just said.
compulsive liar and some evidence
much IL that is every person with him
heart in hand feels like a closure
with his heart in his hand he says, Oh look
Oh look, you can be more false how much
level of falsehood this aunt can have
He was the first person who tried
I was the one who mediated between both parties
probably the first person who
tried to mediate between them when he had
relationship with both parties I spoke
first with windy and I told him that
things would be going well with them
play a few games and
I literally said that and Windy said yes.
You know what Ari's answer was?
when I even mentioned a little bit about
on top of the topic You are going to freak out here
We are talking about something that Vero has nothing to do with
we are trying to sort things out
with the people and
Basically there were movie people who
He said things like if the
things think it was fake in relation to the
Kenyan theme along with Kima and says
Ari that's true I say nonsense
No one says I agree with him there.
she the reason aenos of plan that not
I had to sort things out with Kimer
then people would say it was fake and
I say how In what And he says yes I would take it away
credibility, truth, see it like this
she would lose credibility, I say, but
It's a tremendous nonsense, who would have thought
those four fools credibility that
They both did bad things and
they [ __ ] me up badly they just taste good and
They say we talk about things and stop
fight you imagine that ours and with
Juan would have said that everything was fake
also Who said that doesn't make sense
It was Ari who brought up the subject of Windy with me.
and look at the nonsense that the girl says
I'll give you an example that I know that Windy
and I were wrong but I didn't even think about it
I dare to forgive her, look at what a woman
like Ari Gameplays that literally
has dedicated himself to bullying Windia
over many years to search for her
to do Stream sniping to provoke
that you ban her from her job that she had
within Facebook to be the number one reason
one of criticism and not only towards Windy
but towards many other women
which has been turned around and a half
among them Kim who criticized her for
having a child out of wedlock is
dare to be so narcissistic to say
that she has to forgive him something
windy the level of inhuman ridiculousness
This lady has enough
a real paragon I tell you eh And what
I say ndp and she says no way or way
joke Not a chance that doesn't mean anything and I
I say because of the estrac Juan says that's why and
much more here trying to make sense
I am not right and after this I am already
He doesn't answer me anymore and now the girl is
He dedicates himself to saying Oh, how glad I am that
Wind is invited from the heart I say it by
what really says it, because it says it
only because as Rubius decided
invite her and by C in a way
Extremely disgusting that gave me
Very disgusting. Honestly, I tell you.
disappointed on the part of windy that
agreed to enter that tournament because
really Rubius says if we don't get
bring another different boy who is a
nobody that nobody remembers anymore
naos if we don't manage to invite that one
then maybe I'll invite Windy and
windy only crawling at a few
levels of truth that seem very to me
pathetic, I really don't understand it
accepting the invitation why is it me
feel loved for feeling elevated that
It's basically what she always saw
searching for a very long time
only because El Rubius invites
Windy knew that Dalas was going to give his opinion on
This topic that windy you know what
I knew to see what you
I say I also understand
windy but it's a little in your case
humiliating
Okay, I'll use myself as an example again.
I'll use it as an example again, okay?
You have said before Javi but if you
invite if they invite me in my
case it's me who puts them green
everyone and on top of that I would be the one who
would benefit in the case of Windy is that
she has not done
Nothing has been done to her, especially
you know but oh well
I don't see that you have to embed in either
the past, that is, if they haven't followed you
They haven't killed anyone from your
family
and let's see, it's a little humiliating but it's the
I don't know the past. She's excited about it.
feel accepted That everything has been left
back
No, I just get down to it when
I think about these things I always say what
I would do what I have done in situations
similar No man me too no
We have forgiven big things to people or
I have forgiven people who had forgiven me
done things perhaps bigger than Him
Rubius to Windy and I have forgiven them because
These are things that remain in the past and
advance one of the things of
Moving forward in life is forgiving. Hey, what?
you don't feel like forgiving someone, don't you?
You have to forgive me, do you understand me?
But well, let's see, no, you can't stay.
even in the things of the past you are me
talking about something super serious Yes but I
and I think that Dallas has also forgiven
things that are more serious than those
Rubius could have done to Windy
So if Rubius invites her, then hey
Why not, why not if I feel like it?
feeling accepted, I got the feeling again
candlestick
you won't see it's a little humiliating in the
sense that for a
which side you were on, the sack of boogeyman
from the internet not the one everyone was using
the back and so on
eh And on the other hand it was like
second course no that if Salvador didn't go
line because I invited her no
Well, you see, it's your decision.
staff
I don't know what I would do in your case.
I would value what they have done to me that windy
You will know better what Rubi has done to you
that maybe me but for me good
It's not that bad either, I mean it's not that bad either.
so bad in the sense that they are things
of the of the
past I imagine they will have
spoken privately when they have met
in groups and things no And they will have commented
a little bit Hey, look at what's behind you
I don't know what happened, I don't know
cuz in the end uncle me for example
when I see people obsessing over me
for things from three or four years ago that
I see I say boy But if you don't form
part of my life I don't care about
absolutely nothing what happened 3 years ago
years you understand me Then I compare myself
with that I compare it to that
you better know now
eh In the case of what Ari said
man, let's see one thing is that you don't
It seems wrong that they collaborate and that she
participate if you want to participate but another
The thing is that you say it makes me happy that
windy is in the Tournament because you don't
It's exciting, damn, that would make me feel good
illusion that Paula was there
Echevarri in the Tournament, to me that windy
The tournament is not for me nor for me.
The truth is coming, it seems good to me that it is
take people well I prefer that
people get along well or badly Although that
It doesn't hurt me at my job.
but
But Javi you apologized with those
people with what people
Mauricio with what people Mauricio I don't know
what you are talking to me about
people I have
forgiven
Ah Mauricio, it's probably half
silly and has been putting all night
nonsense there will refer to people
that they are obsessed with me not because
Things 5 ​​years ago is that I don't love myself
excuse me because I don't get the but one
The thing is that I don't want to apologize
because I am not the one who has to
excuse me in fact I think I have
excused in fact I think in cma yes
I have apologized even though I don't feel like it
but for trying to turn the page and and
so that you can see what matters to me, it's worth it
but in fact I think so but let's go
anyway one thing is that you
you want to apologize to someone and another
thing is that you care about today
something 5 years ago, that is, it has nothing
that has to do with one thing
another then says
or so that they leave you alone you have
that your man proved false that is what he thinks
in reality and that is falsehood
influencer that there really is and if you
say the amount of nonsense that I
comes to tell some influencers who
I have been told over the years And what
What other influencers say about it
my damn head exploded because of that
Many hate me so much because I am the
the only one who tells them things as they are
They are good video good video eh happened a
little time the truth because this of
Damn, it's been a while since this happened. Yes
They are videos that he has left
prepared before the Javi face you
tag something in
Twitter Maybe that's why they continue
obsessed man, well let's see what you
I say son, I'm not still obsessed with
things that have been done to me the truth is
that most of the things that bother me
but I don't give a damn, I almost don't give a damn
Imagine what they do to me today.
something from 5 years ago
years you there me here outside No it's not either
how to chase you for life and know if you
It goes better if things go worse for you with whom you
hang out with someone who doesn't know everyone
videos that I don't know there are things that I see
very obsessive and soon I will be able to tell you
tell one of them
Hey, soon I'll be able to tell you something.
strong thing that has been happening to me in
the last ones
years the Momo mannu thing But this is
Old, yes, Momo, but that's old.
simo we discussed that a few times ago
of
year a singer called solei who came out
with a singer named Cris she left him and
now he's dating someone called
rebol the ex made a tiradera to the
new boyfriend where according to Aida he says things
sexist on her to attack and W
says that the essence of that genre is
insult okay, that is, there are d merlano and wcol
they are throwing themselves
indirect while everyone gives their opinion
have an opinion with a position
different from a celebrity controversy A
Let's see, let's see it, you sucked me full of
milk I sent you to kangara with my milk
was doing
gargle a little a little obscene not a
little Ob cena the song Not with my milk
you are gargling because the same thing is
well a little unpleasant Yes to the
3:33 He sucked me off with that same mouth.
kiss gave you
Okay, so basically he's telling
his new partner who with the same mouth
that today he kisses her because one day there was, because it was
which is oral sex at 3:33
He also remembers the time because he had
that it is a good one, well let's see, I'm going to see it
I'm going to avoid it, okay, the obvious gayon that
bad to talk with that dirty teeth
Daddy horse is on foreign land, I don't know
I forgot this Med for tiktok and wesco didn't give it to him
I saw the songs and if I were here I would be
of zapa getting into something that doesn't suit me
It doesn't matter because this topic does matter to me
It matters a lot And today I didn't come as a hairdresser
because I didn't come to comb, I came from
priest because I'm going to pray the saints
Olios, I'm not going to talk about flow or
Pencil because as they said
There I am, it's vallenato but this one
vallenato is very well structured
I'm not going to give my humble opinion on that, I'm going to
give my very well-argued opinion
context scares the insecurity of
This country but a man is scarier
with a hurt ego because a man in
that position could say anything
to undermine and you cannot allow
that the judgment of a hurt man
Determine your value as a woman there is a
artist of the urban scene who is called
Cris r who was the first boyfriend of
Soley another urban artist This is the
one's first relationship, that one that you
teaches what can only be learned by suffering
Well that relationship ends and Solley
He starts going out with Rebol, which is another one.
artist And then criger proceeds to
throw the revolver because I say it's a
a topic that matters to me first because
Sun is 18 years old and I know that this
industry and the environment is too much
difficult for a woman and especially for
that age and second because they have me
up to here the machos who want
using a woman's sexual morals
to come and look at another man then
It's basically the same thing that WC did and you
you defended him okay or so I am
I completely agree with your opinion.
What happens is that as you already said in the
debate with Dallas you are not a hypocrite
but come on, it's not like wesc did it that
did not do it I mean well it was talked about
size of each other's penises
that moment but it was already part of that
It is the behavior of wcol Therefore
general homophobic comments eh a
a lot of things that you have supported
because it seems to fall within the
character and grace of
wcol So in the end you complain
when a singer does it so that it doesn't
that attitude continues to spread and
approving that attitude and I don't know what and no
I know how much clear to see begins with the one who
you have next to you with the one you have
trustworthy and whom you can advise well
Let's go to the bars that matter to us
because this is crap at 3:33
He sucked me off, that is, W wc said no
I would let it be in your house
I would sleep with a friend if I had a boyfriend
What if I brought a girl to [ __ ] her?
so because it would be normal sex with that
same mouth gave you the kiss I was the one
first of your petals and ñángara with me
My love was gargling milk
you have a penis anyone who has a penis
You can make milk spill out of there, you know?
that not everyone who has can do
penis be a man you are a clear
An example of that I have spoken to
Soley's mom and she told me This is
a little man I told him look that is little
but you are not even close to being a man, you are so
brute who thought he was [ __ ] himself
on your ex and really [ __ ] on you
Mother, why don't you make it clear to everyone that
She didn't teach you how to be a man and I
It is born to talk about this
because man, let's see if we are
criticizing the forms that are ugly
singer tell him that he has shat in his
mother no And I don't know the truth that to the
better is also a little ugly on the part
one way merlano is worth it
Hey, what do I tell you? What do I tell you? No.
If we get fancy, we get fancy.
finicky for everything because they are faint-hearted
as there is criser by bulk and in the
Soley's position we have all been there
when a macho who is no longer with
we feel entitled to
come to demoralize one in front of his
current partner and prosecute him for his morals
sexual you to see if it is It is from a
orangutan behavior
literally no, what are we going to see, I think
that all well all I'm not going to say
everyone but there will be many people
done things with a partner and then has
broken and has done other things with another
couple, that is, if we have to get to
say No it's not that I had oral sex with
this person and now that other person
Well, well, well, he has, well, he has, he gives kisses to
her new partner, of course, would be missing
more than you break up with a person with whom
that you have been and have had relationships
No, and now that person should never come back.
kiss anyone because one day they sucked you off
let's see, it would be a bit of a no-save save it
mourning for you, for your private parts, I
I think everyone to a greater or lesser extent
we do our little things not when
We are single you can do things and
then the next day you can
roll with another person Then
In the end I think that the important thing is
that as long as hygiene is maintained
Well, I don't think that the fact that a
person is kissing another person
indirectly sucking your dick
I don't know if I explain myself, because I don't understand.
that there is one there are a few hours in between
or days or weeks or even years no and a
hygiene no that I understand that there is no
particles No contact you want
front with something front your cars
border your chain border your bill or
Your musical career does not give you the opportunity to
you have to face what you do in the
bed with a woman these men who are
They boast of being street, explain to me that
be street gun blow bandits Or is
that they never taught you that being street is
have codes that of the woman that one
He shares his magic with you, I don't think he talks about it.
that this is the lesson that
Your mother never gave you the slap that
Monica should give you the day you
have in front and the codes that in the
street Apparently you didn't learn in Miami
and that's looking here at the table of the
ID video I make this video without that is
seeing it once, lazy, without writing
nothing giving an opinion Cucho because I
I saw that, watch out, he's going to give his opinion.
wcol without writing it eh he'll remember
from Aida's video without writing it is worth it
yes
I sincerely think that whatever they do
people in private if they are not
both people agreed to air no
It should be aired. That is, if you have
sleeping with a woman does not have to
tell it out there just like a woman
It does not have to be said that it has been
side with a man is worth sauce
In fact, we are very critical of that kind of thing.
attitudes are not as common to see
better to a woman who goes on TV to
to say that she has slept with I don't know what
famous or maybe a famous person because he has
sleeping with a famous woman okay And he wants
that they call him from TV for that reason for one
nonsense see is the problem of a
person who does not understand what is
looking at the musical industry that is a
Lyrical war is a war for that reason
He calls it a tiradera who has seen one
tiradera in your past or if they have not
seen I invite you to see it
tiradera is to throw the heart If I
I understand what hurts the most and and and if
They don't do that, it's not a scam, I don't
I don't agree with that either but it is
that if they jump they have to jump from
what hurts the other person if I
understand this is like justification
that they found the thing about
What's it called
uncle what is your name uncle what
do damn what he did
That's the guy playing GTA who
called Dallas a pedophile who then told me
He threatened and we had a debate here and I
He asked for forgiveness. What was the colleague's name?
That rooster battle Yes but how is it
called
that you know that it is like no it is not that the
What does Quesada say? No, it's not that the
roosters Mister ego that is allowed
How are you going to be allowed to take
a person and you call him a pedophile because
[ __ ] face that is allowed of course
man speak in a lawsuit to see if
is it allowed or not? So what the [ __ ]?
you are me
counting man who has more meat than
has more blood that has more good
Sure yes maybe yes but what about it?
requires no
I think we have seen a tiradera without
that lack of respect
Shakira Piqué's thing is bizarre, I don't know.
may consider
tiraera Or it has to be you suck my dick
[ __ ] your boyfriend has eaten my sem and
things like that so that it's worth it
tiradera the bizarre sessions no
They are usually
tiraderas because I don't see any there
lack of respect and if they go to the heart
only the one who does it will do it
have that vocabulary whoever doesn't
know how to do it with
intelligence I do not understand that the
genre that the genre of music
eh that the genre of music forces you to
eh to have that vocabulary and and also
be an orangutan
I know why literally if you believe clearly
says no, no, it's not that it's a scam
eh because he has to because he has to go to
to the heart to things that hurt man to
see if you think that telling your
ex-partner or your ex-partner's new boyfriend
If you think that telling the new
your partner's boyfriend who is eating you
the same mouth where one day he had oral sex
the girl with you and you think that with that
You're making the kid look bad.
literally because you are not very
smart because you are not leaving wrong
You are not looking after the boy or the girl
leaving in a bad light
I tell you, it's my opinion
I say, why is it so crystal clear, Javi?
B says man, let's see, I don't think it is
little crystal that I am here
criticizing that a guy tells a woman
Aunt, hey, you're kissing the same mouth as
She ate my [ __ ] at 3 in the morning and
that he throws all the milk all the time
squirt of milk in the mouth man to
see it's not about crystal it's about
that it is a little bit
ridiculous any civilized person does not
you say
Today is the day you are Javi
oliveira Thanks for reminding me
The truth is that sometimes I am ashamed of
and [ __ ] I consider it a [ __ ]
what did you just do to remind me but
yes yes
Yes I am, I am, I don't know how.
explain it bro but go see some
a tirade of the past where there is none
mentioned that the man was with the
girlfriend or with her ass with this they do
in the long throw that he threw at a
Tempo told him that the daughters masturbated
thinking about him, I mean, imagine those things
Well the pizza has arrived and now it's time to stop.
to finish is that I stop a nonsense I
I don't know how to explain it, they're going to say that I
I'm a sexist whatever but it's
that's the real thing, dude, that's how it works
So what are you going to throw at him?
then prisoner tells Cris r that he is going to
to give how they killed their Cucho and that's not
It is serious, yes or what, that they throw themselves at you
the death of one's Cucho and that is not
serious daddy is a jerk he throws himself where
It hurts Yolei more that she must have a team
of big work you already know the world that
You already know the world of music and if
At 18, daddy has gotten involved with
two men from the music industry she
You must understand that these are things that are going to
happen and that will follow her for life
That is, it follows her for life because she
she's messing with two guys who are
in the music industry And you know
that this is a sexist industry that
that there is no artist who does not speak about
those things for in the songs, that is, for
My God, hon, but one thing is that you
you talk about sex or you talk about things
risqué things Hot and something else
that is, I filled my whole mouth with de de
milk Ah no how do you explain that bro for
that they really understand Cucho is like
scratched I'm offended already bro I am
Offended, I don't even know what else to say, brother.
It really is the first time in the
story dude who makes a tiradera and
They say they don't know
He passed by and threw himself very hard. No brother.
Because there are people who know nothing about
tiraderas comes out to throw lazy people
influencer pa It's that here it doesn't have to
what to put influencer's hand in anything that
they make their return musically and
I see those same people
comments I don't see it you're not going to me
convince me you are there in the
comments trying to make me not see it
I don't see it, I don't see it, it's not that this
gender is like that, damn, well, to take for granted
ass the gender who the [ __ ] likes
hear that
So let's see, let's see, let's see.
let's see let's see let's see
See, you really are complete.
music illiterates
Okay, I would invent a universe for you today if
she were no longer my star and I would give you
tenderly love if I didn't give it so much
She is the sweet company that paints her
smile every day for me of red and honey
You are the sweet temptation, the strength that
pushes every day to be unfaithful to be
unfaithful I don't want her only my
universe is her nothing but you are her
adventure laughter tenderness and she
What awaits you in Soledad? No, no, you are
butterfly you are
butterfly that flies among the roses and
She is the foundation of my home and she
is the foundation of my home you are a
butterfly that flies among the roses and
She is the foundation of my home.
I would lose in your silence
today if I didn't think so much about her and
I would keep my eyes on you if I didn't
always see her and don't call her
cowardice There are things in life that only
They are for two, just for two, let's go
Man, let's see José Luis Perales, please.
I just told you with all the love of
world that if I didn't have female relatives I would
I would [ __ ] one that was
very good man it's going to be the same This
This is going to be the same as saying then
Look at this girl, she's very hot and she has the
silicone tits would take the trumpet and
I would throw a cannon of milk at her to bathe her
and he would look like one of these Syrians this week
holy man, let's see, forgive me, forgive me
José Luis Perales, an artist who will pass
the story remembered for a lifetime
This guy with the tattoos on his face
who was saying about the semen in the
mouth of the other Who is going to do it?
remember when I'm a 50-year-old guy
If someone is able to refute my
arguments that speak now man but
Come on, that's what having a pen is.
have
pen what that boy said in that
song Any stoner will tell you with
seven
Litronas But how that Javi for God's sake
but how come Javi for
God of truth I am that of truth of
It's true that no, but you don't know.
what is talent you now now
What a boy José Luis
Perales an idol a [ __ ] idol a [ __ ]
master of the pen and of the
romanticism, come on, look at how fine it is
that has you
said that he would [ __ ] you but
Of course he is married and owes her
fidelity to a person or that is, look at this
that he told you there in that poem and you
He said it, man, you're going to compare me.
That's with one thing that can be done to you.
say the coscu in any
Stream, you really touch my
balls many times
uncle who is illiterate
Hey, you combed, I don't know what, those same ones
people listen to sexist music that
It's reggaeton and there they don't say anything
bro H my lordship Look Excela says I tell you
I applaud clearly
[ __ ] we're going to [ __ ] eh we
Let's go to hell. What generation is this?
that says it is not that it is a tiradera has
that it be like that If not it is not a tiradera
Well, [ __ ] the tiradera but
It's a scam, but let's see.
but Shakira's not to Piqué was not a
tiradera and it is very good and has a lot
art the
Javi song is you are right that it is a
rubbish but it is the present. Well
It will be your news because it will be the
your current affairs
Man, but really, I don't know.
I understand what the hell a tiradera is and
you have to have those accessories for
balls that makes no [ __ ] sense How
you're going to have to not be a tiradera
and I have to tell myself that your daughters
They jerk off with your father, man, what the [ __ ]?
you're telling me something but that's not it
a tiradera that is a crime or so
let's see each other, what the [ __ ] is slander?
tiradera I really do not know you
I understand that's how it is, Javi, look, you go away
[ __ ] it. I'm going to start
ban all those who defend this
[ __ ]
[ __ ] [ __ ] that has to be
obligatory that you tell one a
song that the daughters used to masturbate with
the father man that no [ __ ] that is a
slander
What you need is art and talent
to know
write isma ears a kiss man already uncle
what the [ __ ] are you doing to me
talking is that it is that now here
Uncle, now here comes anyone
any note with
conquering you is doing gg to the
3:33 He sucked me off with that same mouth.
kiss gave you the G obviously how bad to talk
with those g teeth of
horse don't forget this tikt and W don't give it to him
They take the songs that are here
I am there is no one who can control the love of
I love you like no one else
but sometimes she's the one who brings me down
my
Security Hi Javi I am totally with you
What you say, those are words
pretty even with double meaning But oh well
Thank you all for helping me remember
send bits face turning from the
laugh but let's see It's that really
our world is going to [ __ ]
please [ __ ] off
tirer throw lazy influencer pa It's that
There's no need to interfere here
influencer of nothing that they do their
musically back and those same
people I see those
comments you combed I don't know what those are
same people listen to the music
sexist that is reggaeton and there if not
They say nothing bro, that's like that
soon see is the only thing I believe that
there is a ticket for who goes out to
talk about it my brother
ah
first time in history in the second
round with a second round left, go for it
harder please they should throw more
hard before I go up soft I saw the stories
from West and I think he has his point and
I have mine what we were
speaking W does not have a point what
There is a piece of chalk that must have gotten in
It must have been left here somewhere.
get illa but that's no point
be good, it's not that everything is said like this
so this is like that but he's a guy who
says a debate that does not seem to him
normal relationships between men, that is
what the hell is going to have an Aida point of
really really [ __ ] Aida really
Damn, you're telling me this is going to have a
point is called mole is called mole that
It is not useful to think, it is worth it, it does not have
no point the point has been not that
It was a tiradera And then like that, damn
It happens like this because it's a tiradera
right now by DM He says that this
It is a lyrical theme and in the
tiraderas a lyrical theme ran through me
all your mouth and now your boyfriend is on you
kissing a clear lyrical theme
man, clear, clear, clear, yes, a topic
lyrical but let's go Eurovision Eurovision
Please take the kid to
[ __ ] it up the ass Channel to [ __ ] it up the ass
Channel Eurovision that's art please
It's a lyrical theme, damn the motion
obviously mess with what most interests you
It hurts the other person but I
He expressed that it is not the same to come to
attack a Man for any woman of his
family which is an equal baseness but it
They do a lot in the tiraderas that
suddenly dishonor one with Javi takes
You don't monetize this, a hug, no, this is not
it
equal monetization That does not mean
that I am fighting with Wes because
I understand your way of thinking, I understand that
think differently and I have nothing
staff against him because we already
we made rough edges
that you have [ __ ] yourself, let's tell him
true Ramón Today is the day Javi didn't you
say very loudly that there is little left and in
Spain is very backward and is still coming out of
truth in eurovision face twisting
of the
laughter
in Dallas
[Music]
eye this is a video a video a video
says why everyone hates Dallas is a
video
eh Dallas seems to be done eh it seems
[Music]
worked
I think this person saw injustice and that
people have said outrageous things that are not
have been able to verify imagine crying no
I remembered that Jordi said that and this
man imagine Dallas crying in the
trial is like a beautiful climax for
a very season
long in judgment is like a beautiful
climax talking to the chi look talking
with the chi with the with the Alex The
capo eh for a very long season
of the stones could have passed and then
wine the thing about the stone could have happened
eh it could have happened eh surely Yes
It didn't rain if it didn't rain stones, eh?
that day was cloudy episode of
of the stones against the youtuber
known as Dallas Review is accused
of abuse to put yourself in the situation of
having suffered something like what he suffered
that is a false accusation Hey, don't tell me
I remembered it's true they collide, they collide
He had balls there, eh, he crashed it
defended Dallas is not
truth gender violence you
Do you think I want to watch a video of a
man who needs to seek attention
24 hours a day they are the
guilty shitty harassers that day
Dallas cried and we just broke up
do Well we started being friends in in
that time and called me so that
To get up there on the live show
for
I think it was when it broke after
debate with
with a very unpleasant aunt how is it
called
damage d review is probably the
most hated YouTuber in the community
Spanish speaker But where does it all come from?
This rejection towards him Who has the
blame him or the others we will look for the
answer to all these questions and
Ugh, I don't know where the video will focus.
What do you think will be focused on Dallas?
Or on the contrary, for this it is necessary
Let's go back to 2012 where Dallas
would begin his career as a YouTuber
uploading humor videos but little by little
little the conduct of Its content went away
slightly deviating the house partners
towards criticism was like this in 2013
I would feel confident enough
as to make his first criticism of a
content creator who for that
then had 1001 subscribers Dalas
She accused him of being a hypocrite
Since auron in previous videos had
If F you say that Auron had 100,000
subscribers and it was like The Untouchable
criticized the interaction they had
some fans with their favorite YouTubers
I've been watching your Twitter and
only that you have those 50 filthy 100
[ __ ] drooled over what they criticized
d The auron gave fuel to the Rubius eh
but fabric fabric fabric of
firewood cloth cloth cloth
In this video is that the auron himself
Play a short time later had ended
encouraging that type of behavior
that I had criticized so much once I saw in
Twitter doesn't upload photos of that
They had a writer's name on one of the
dosas You were not that until very long ago
you raise that kind of thing little by little
behavior this criticism did not sit well with him
nothing good to auron and reacted to her
creating together with his group of friends
at that time a hate campaign
against Dallas to which he added
Virtually everyone who Zion that
If he was a Seeker, he did everything.
to Lamar the attention auron Play and his
group of friends published their data
as your address your number
to keep this Demon stroll from
Monserrat that I will soon be able to tell you about
Something, eh, keep this, demon troll
of
Monserrat phone and even arrived
to the point of going to his house to
Throw stones at him. This was what he could do.
cause as we can see the tile because it
He gave the stone in half and it is
basically rotates that same year Dallas
would end his romantic relationship with
a girl named Ingrid a month later
This one started dating wismichu and both of them
joined the hate campaign that in
that moment suicide is a good
option was being led by auron
Play they literally said that it was a
an abuser who cheated and
a madman who constantly threatened him
accusations against Ingrid's uncle Ingrid
was putting to the
wimu Ingrid was putting to the
green wimu to the wimu and to the
girlfriend when they broke up it was over there
sending audios and getting it right
Filipino fine Filipino I'm not going to say it
that said moment but the sailor them
things that he began to talk about to which the
Dallas himself answered How can I be a
psychopath, stalker, abuser and
at the same time having left her and having me
put to farm other girls by that one
then Dallas started a new one
relationship with a girl named Maria
the one you all know while I was
with it the hatred that was being received
through social networks seemed to go
decreasing until one day two years
Dallas would later decide to attack
free to Jordi wil in a video
titled the YouTube pimp where
criticized sexist behavior
that Jordi had at that time the
title is strong eh I don't remember now
video I don't know if we ever checked it
here live but the title is Javi
Do you know what happened to Ingrid? Well, I don't know.
I think he went to Japan or something like that
but I don't know, I have no idea, honestly.
I don't know if it was Japan or it was a hoax
I don't know, honestly, I don't have any.
idea they the last thing they said was that
They had a cordial relationship and that
even from time to time one and the other
They saw what pets they had in
common and so on But the truth is that
Ingrid went around saying very things
strong I don't know if I can do it for you
count something one day
But mainly with his girlfriend Georgio
He responded to these accusations on Twitter.
that a guy like you Dallas calls me
pimp someone who pimps thousands of women
hate and has had a complaint for
mistreatment in this tweet Jordi made
allusion to the problems he had had
Dallas with his ex-partner Ingrid and this one
last one replied and you a complaint for
publish data and videos of a minor in
Your channel Jordi wil had a complaint for
he
channel
holy holy what is that
was that what it was
In mine a judge ruled that I am 100%
innocent Let's see you as a result of this
conflict, hate revived on the networks
social Jordi wil supported wismichu in
his fight against Dallas and the
indirect were constant in that
moment auron play and wismichu saw each other
involved in one of their biggest
controversies within his career as
youtubers since they were accused of
throw away the gifts that your
their own fans made them into trash
full but really full of what would be good
Well Tales of the fans at the moment that
Well, let's see the topic of this controversy.
I've said it a million times
What I think is that they would throw them away
gifts okay I don't remember what he told me
auron the day I interviewed him I didn't
I agree that's what he told me but I
I think I told him my opinion. I think that
Yes, they threw it away because I would throw them away
I mean, really, let's see, I'm not going to throw it away.
The best thing is that someone gives me one
sweatshirt eh a frame with a
cool photo or with or with a you know but for
example if they give me cardboard with
glitter suddenly a bottle
There was, for example, a gift that was
a bottle with a drawing
from Win michu stuck in the bottle I that
I threw it away, damn, I'm going to save a bottle
where the hell is this what the hell is a dump
I'm going to store cardboard and things here
so you understand me, a cushion that is given to you
There are things that you do keep what you
what happens is that there they had thrown in a sack or
things had been thrown away without
look at the bottom to dedicate a video to them and
make firewood out of a fallen tree in between
Of all these controversies, Dallas and Miami
They ended their relationship and not in a
precisely friendly miare accused him
of mistreating both her and her
dog at this time already much of
content creators were in
against Dallas and it was getting worse and worse
people who joined in hating him were
then when one started to come out
wave of women accusing Dallas of
being a stalker or an abuser and
the Ball became so big that everything
This was taken to court and it was a good one.
ball became so big and that and that the
ex-mother-in-law went to the police station to say that
that he had abused I don't know who and
I don't know how much That's what a policeman says
testifying in that trial, let's say it
a police officer and the sentence says so
lady went to the police station and
He reported that he doesn't look at such and such and then the
girls first said one thing then
another but anyway that story is more
that a very mediatic case was told in
Spain the origin is in my ex
look that after breaking up since
fix things then keep putting in
[ __ ] publicly and keep showing myself
like an abuser
abuser in between appeared the famous
Wismichu's video where he gave his version
about its script written by the two
for Ingrid and for miare to al Win michu lo
they take it so that the O is like
How do you say the word al Win michu lo?
They always take it to send him to do things and
he makes them worth it
and just like when I publish the
My conversation in fact Well I can now
tell is that I can't tell you that
We are now in a few days in
The ones I can't tell you, okay? But yes
yes let's go This is recognized that she
sends the conversation to Win michu lo
sends me to publish it too much. Well, if the
You want to publish because I don't know what you know
They take it when they are hot
of the head because he gets frustrated when
people are criticizing him he doesn't wear it
good reviews and so on This video was
because Dallas This video was taken in
the moment Dallas criticized him
because of the bottle that is like Mira
Forgive if you want, people will not forgive you.
criticize for throwing bottles that you
You yourself recognize it, that is, it would be lacking more not And
then in that
moment
And then at that moment wait for me
a friend is talking at that moment
they caught it, that is, they had already
time
trying
She already had been there for a while
trying to convince big creators
that a video actually came out with
Aurus has her sentenced for that
because Aurus didn't want to get into this
moment to make a video too
but to wismichu who had never been
wanted to wet publicly because
wismichu was to throw barbs at the dala and
He messed with him and such But he didn't enter
as very sack you know but they caught it
at that moment weaker than the other who
everyone was giving the subject a hard time
from the bottle and felt terrible
the ad is stuck and there it is
They convinced him and gave him the script and the
video structure take Look pum pum pum
boom This is what you have to
say this is what you have to say pi
pi and he made the video He ate a
complaint that he would later lose it Still
There remains the civil trial, which is the very trial
soon it's worth it if they want to announce it
that they announce it but he ate one
civil lawsuit and a criminal trial that does
They can absolve you but the wear and tear
public mental exhaustion money not
I know that you have to eat the brown one, okay? And
then with my conversations it happened
Exactly the same, the same pattern
okay the same pattern I was giving him
saying one thing to Win michu that no
had absolutely nothing to do with
Maria neither with the conversations nor anything
In fact they have recognized you
can you imagine
where
that a friend is talking to me I'm going to
close and then I answer that it doesn't have
nothing to do with the topic the topic of
telesalseo they have recognized
that that yes that that that They had
planned to publish the conversations
mine and that at that moment they saw it
perfect you know and well anyway In
definitive that I was what I was
telling wismichu the day I publish
the conversations had nothing to do with it
neither with Maria nor with the subject nor even
I was messing with him or so when
he publishes my conversations
eh What happens is that they were
messing with Auron and Villin for
Nazi joke tweet eh with Nazis in it
2012 2013 that is a thing that good You
You see it today, it's very ugly, horrible, no
It's funny but Kiki did everything and
then I put two photographs in the
that wismichu also did that kind of thing
jokingly he dressed up as a slayer I don't know what and
there I would take it at a good time
another and I would say take it now you are going to
publish and he as a good as a good
sent it published it okay And there's more
occasions in which wismichu has done
things for which they have sent her Well there is
One thing I can't tell you but
You will also know that there are things that are [ __ ]
that they can't tell you But there is another
something that has gone wrong and has not gone wrong
counted and it was also because they sent him
do it or he is he is sent he is he
With women, he has that thing.
You know I don't know why the truth is because
then he eats the brown ones
Javi, do you think the civilian gives the desire?
See, I don't know, I can't predict the future.
What can I say, possibilities if I see him?
It's a different topic, it's not a topic.
It's not like the penalty, you know, it's a topic
different where I think that there is no
They will be able to grab the same things as
they grabbed each other is a different topic
civil is a very topic
different is a different demand I don't know
What can happen in that case, really? But
Let's see, I do see the possibilities.
This video was [ __ ] crazy.
video is [ __ ] crazy what happened
With this video, I have the possibility of doing so.
I see but let's see. It's that I, I saw
justice that would have condemned him in the
criminal also not not going to jail
obviously because you are not going to enter
prison would have been a
fine not even not even
background I think you know but a fine
but
But what I tell you is that you cannot guess the
future having already seen it
experience with Dallas to date and
I ended up crying for all the damage that
according to what he had caused to his partner
Ingrid popular opinion was
totally against Dallas even
figures like IV make fun of us
your situation to see how you explain it to the
Zelda's companion who has her
blocked on Twitter Dallas said he was
it was all about a conspiracy
meticulously planned by his ex-girlfriend
and her friends and I answered those
accusations citing a tweet that
notified that the case was going to trial
to those who harassed me for years with
that it was all a conspiracy of Miare
I'm not saying it anymore, it's the court of
instruction and the prosecution who have
seen signs of sexual abuse such as
to judge him and face 5 years of
prison is also part of the
conspiracy at that time most
of creators of
content to position itself even more in
against Dallas, my goodness, finally, and you
putting up with all the comments that in
end 20 days later the sentence was issued
of the trial and Dallas was declared
innocent as to whether it was a question of
a conspiracy or not the sentence says
the following regarding a possible
secondary interest sincerely no
We believe that the minor's statement
be part of a plot agreed upon with
the one who was the accused's girlfriend and with the
two other girls who have to put in
trial as the accused claims from
from the moment in which Dallas is
I declared that part of it innocent
I don't understand the sentence, I don't understand it
as in a part of the sentence you
are
saying no we don't think it's a
conspiracy okay We don't think it's a
plot but then in another part of the
sentence is against you
saying that good that
is that they had a group where they put themselves
agreed to say that to write that
report the lie
police anyway Well then the
girls also counting
that it was not true, you can see
a big change in your channel the best
word conspiracy or that the sentence
They would have been accused of conspiracy
I know if maybe it involved something more than
in which they no longer wanted to get involved and
They wanted to leave it like that, I should publish it
those judgments that judgment if I consider
that should
publish that judgment conso publish it
the truth is that although it is true that until the
there was always one or another date
criticizes now the videos against
other content creators were
constant and most of them had
a common factor they had all done
any derogatory comments about Dallas
between the years 2012 and 2018, either with the
Auron Play controversy with that of
wismichu with that of his ex-girlfriends with the
for example, DJ Mario laughing at
your situation in
2014 I'm talking about Dallas, what a son of a [ __ ].
In 2017, the Dallas channel has
dead triline in 2018 no one is going to
read that nonsense Why don't you read it anymore?
You're on Twitter Dallas [ __ ] I feel
dirty just by calling you a bastard leaves
your 10 year old sister in peace that so
young and already has dark circles under his eyes and looks at you with
disgust These are just three examples but
It is almost always the same, is this perhaps your
way to get revenge is correct
behavior or just triggers more
unnecessary hatred I would like to read your
opinion in the comments and if you have
liked this video I invite you to
subscribe and this is the [ __ ]
video This is the [ __ ] video but whatever
You want me to give my opinion, you want me to give my opinion
me and they sue me again, that is, but
see, you have your say, you have your say, you give it to her
information to Vero that in the end there was no
said a [ __ ] [ __ ] I mean he didn't say anything
nothing has not said anything Let's see let's
listen to Augustine 51 defend the
Freemasonry, let's see, come on, what's wrong?
He never apologized for all the
animal things no who with whom who with
who who with
who Ramon Today is the day and goes towards
Dallas what
Come on, I understand that I understand that
better when giving him the video that
It was a long time later, then
The best thing is that he was not very assertive
video
no and maybe not
I don't know if an apology would have been desirable
but I would not have seen that they had
state of truth one of the two is more
has to be the first Not one of the
two has to be the first to move the
token so that everything calms down or is
good
No, I don't know the truth, but I apologize.
He has never apologized, I don't know if I have
I came to talk to ibai sometime
instead I don't know the only thing that I have
spoken with IB so laion daras of
through was a time when I went and I
contacted me because I believed that he was me
I had put a strike and the ex gave me
I had put gref and he told me Javi I
This was on the phone, I think.
I know if it was talking on the phone for
audio but he told me something like that he
I never made videos that in fact in
On one occasion he made reference to me, I don't know
If he told me, you know which one, that they blamed him
of having thrown some video and that he
has never released any video
Let's listen to Augustine 51
defending Freemasonry if you feel like it
ape you ape me yes I ape Battle Royale
somehow or other makes me the
direct and I start to have a lot of people
There are a lot of people here watching me.
I see it in the statistics, okay? I used to.
I have to start playing but when
I'm playing it makes me the
direct and hits me with a ball
up and lots of people start coming
Okay, lately I'm noticing how
A lot of hating on the internet is worth it in the
Fortnite Battle Royale community
So the other day I said
Dude, it's my thing, I've been here for TR days, really.
I feel like not reading the chat, that is
true eh I tell you seriously I have three
days when I don't feel like reading the chat
So what do I do when they happen to me?
I talk about these things with Vicente or with
coworkers or I investigate for
see if it's me or what the hell is going on
with the Fortnite Battle community
royale and talking to Vicente he told me
that takes like TR cu days where it has
that put in sub mode Vicente has to
put the sub mode Vicente that I have not
I've seen a calmer person.
playing a video game you have to put the
sub mode okay I ended up for example in the
Paula Paula's streamer for example who
the other day he was here for the
directly telling me that we should play duos
and such And I ended up in his direct uncle and I saw that
the girl was with her spectators
such playing so calmly and suddenly
They were starting to make him an SS bro but an SS
disgusting people harassing him Stream
sniping eh in the chat people telling him
I'm going for you, I don't know what then, of course I'm
I am realizing that society is
goes to [ __ ] for a or for and or for AB CD
fg H jk lm pq RS w x yz plan goes to the
[ __ ], it doesn't matter who you are. Obviously yes.
You are a slightly more aggressive profile.
to have more people showing you that
everything is going to [ __ ] but it is going to [ __ ]
just [ __ ] dude or or I'm
smoking a giant joint dude I'm not
understanding the complaint very much is this
criticizing a little as always, I don't know
I don't know, I don't understand the party as
This is always true, but it's always a pleasure.
that if they put that if they don't put that if they don't
I know what if I don't know how much it is like Well
Let's see, it has an audience. Let's see.
I really understand Fortnite content
that the majority of the public will be rather
childish and the behaviors then
they will be eh as such
Not sure exactly what happens then
lock and out no no more Or I'm getting
Smoking a giant joint isn't even enough for a bug
It serves, I don't understand the fashion of criticizing
constantly to the creators of
content by O is that of
true all the time, I mean it's incredible
There is a fashion right now that I have
already spoken with Vicente Therefore I do not
You're going to convince me that it's me and that's it.
that you spend the whole [ __ ] day
telling nonsense to the creators of
content that you find most entertaining only
because they belong to the elite or the
Freemasonry and you believe in one
situation sufficiently sufficiently
stable enough to mess with them all
the time thank God is not all the time
world and there are still super mega people
Wonderful in the communities of both
Fortnite as Twitch because if not already
I tell you that content creators
They would withdraw us quickly because it is already
We are loaded, we don't care a bit
damn and it doesn't have any kind of
sense uncle I mean it doesn't have any type
of sense every time I look at the chat there is
a 90 percent chance that he will read it
Typical comment from a 14-year-old brat
years of who knows what part of the country if
what is in fortnite if it is there
playing fortnite is that he gets to
talk about the salseo communities and
like let's see what you expect from the
Fortnite communities, what are you waiting for?
that there is in the chat of who knows what point
of the country with zero goals achieved
putting neither for this nor I know what is useful
bro shitty comments constantly
and you will say, Agustí, we are not going to see him and what?
It matters that there is a child who tells you Oh
You're so bad at playing that bro, I swear.
the only way to ignore him
those comments is to put the chat mode
subs or have the chat dead in plan are
the only two ways at the moment
the one you are minimally attached to already
you have comments like that, dude.
amazing you control your words crack
How I like that expression eh And look
that I had never used it, you have
that I finish listening to my speaking my
Speaking is not everyone's thing lately
no no no as you have seen my speaking
He ended up giving everyone a shoutout.
those who you
behaving the entertainment that
bring to the content and such Yes we go or
whether it is in comments only
positive not to see son
mine By the way the Dallas video is awesome
poop no longer has notoriety why
You say that, machan, let's see, for me it's the
The only one who did come a little late
but of course I understand that if I was
preparing for an operation because he has
been recording recording recording recording
videos or rather it is not a video of the
Lords main No, it's not like a video
what do you say
Damn, that doesn't mean there's not a lot of
percentage of people who are
dedicating lately unique and
exclusively to comment on nonsense in
all chats and chim sniping
Not me because I can take them away
accounts and to continually bother the
content creators to Freemasonry or
to the elite because it is becoming like
fashionable makes no sense at all
when we ourselves are people
that we always treat you like a [ __ ] and
when you stop us on the street
You ask for a photo, I don't know what. What's going on?
These people don't leave the street, that is
These people don't go out on the streets, we don't
They know people only know the ones
skills that you have shown in
Internet and Claro are in a position to
criticize them then a little Random but
What I told you the other day I was
talking with Vicente and Vicente carries TR
days putting the chat in subs mode
another day yesterday I went like
for three or four Fortnite channels
Battle Royale of Spain when I finished
and it was more of the same people doing
SS and people undervaluing work
what some people do man not for
Please man at the moment when I
He danced He immediately killed me
in a public one I could have deduced that
He was French because the French are like that
how disgusting the truth is
Mentally it makes me laugh because in
We are really competing with the
community with the most toxic country in
Europe, that is, I think the competition
from the most toxic country in Europe and people
that gives off more toxicity and more
I think France is disgusting.
against Spain no no cap no cap is there
France vs Spain I have seen it
always the Spanish and the French
We are the two countries in all of Europe that
We throw more [ __ ] at people, dude.
I wouldn't like it to be like that but
What am I going to do is what is happening
truth What are the most most countries
Latin American toxic chat because I
I can talk about Europe but
Latin America, no, I would say 100% of Europe
without any doubt there is no
more or rather the French countries well the
French country and I agree I am of
I agree a little, eh, I mean in the
communities when there is gossip with
France Ugh country of Spain or rather we are
the French countries the countries
French okay
kids the countries
French could not could not get in
trending some Wii yoga game
It would be very good for him to learn from the
countries
French for logistics I think that
well the French countries and the
Spanish countries also have their problems
Well, the French country and the country of
We are both without any doubt And
Look how it hurts me because in the end I am
Spanish but we are the two who without
no kind of doubt is more [ __ ] disgusting than this
with we don't know or rather it's that we don't
We know you say that because they are the ones who
you have closer but we don't know it or
we do not know what the communities are like
to [ __ ] Well, there are no countries in
Europe attitudes with manner of
communicate with attitudes above all
with attitudes to dance to anyone
player from I don't know which Argentina
Venezuela Chile, of course, the host
The problem with Latin America is that you are
so many Spanish speakers I think that
We, as we are not Spanish speakers
In Europe there is only Spain and
that's it
em and Gibraltar
eh it's like Sure I understand I understand the
Point but of course you guys are the ones who throw yourselves
[ __ ] between you is not worth it or in other words
Latin America has to be even
the situation is much worse than the
situation we have in Spain and in
France no. I mean in Latin America you have
that being toxic and on top of that you understand each other, no
My goodness, what madness, man, what a shame.
generalizing but good sailor cloth
This is I don't understand I mean no
I don't understand either
eh the or so it's like very
constant complaints about what they say
in the comments is What Will says
hatter
Well people, I don't know if it's going to be any
more topic
Hey
Alexby in trouble with the police
Andorra what
you say
that the police were not that the police were not
He was very kind to him, he says to Lesi, let's see him.
see, really, kids, kids, that I have
arrived that they have made me that they have made us
made us get out of the car bro they made us
the most serious one How the police Yes yes
Yes, but well, it's better to tell you.
I tell it off-air Yes yes tell it
Outside of live Alejandro you live with me
I don't want to
raid two months is inside me they have
done that only once and at 2 in
the morning with
he
The brown one Hey, but Lolito is coming back Now
No, Lolito, he's coming back. No, not right now.
They did it to me in the afternoon
night with the Lambo too and it was
surreal
muista that if I record it and upload it somewhere
East side has not played with juligans
English no but there are many countries
that maybe with those who don't
we relate and we don't know you know like
for central Europe or for the north
even I have almost come on I don't even have
idea eh That guy will surely be fired
very sure and they opened my suitcases and
They left all my suitcases open with
I had to redo everything on the outside.
man what is the cone lolito I think one
Well, I haven't had any bad ones.
experiences must be for being not having
Well, Willy, the guy is in full swing.
pandemic My mask came down
in front of me half a foot telling me that
The guy wasn't afraid of the YouTubers, eh?
that I didn't care that I didn't care that I didn't care
I hide with the pandemic, eh
Yes, yes, in a pandemic, I swear, eh?
I'll tell you
I swear and what if I tell you and by my side
aside from Kenny who doesn't have a clue about
Spanish and Kenny looked at me saying
Frany R from the group that doesn't leave me, uncle. Yes.
I invite you neither
It is true that those who are
Wanted by the police, no ...
to your
but it's unfair to do that you know why
There are young police officers. There are police officers who
that they have to swallow every every every every
[ __ ] every [ __ ] person to me the police
has always treated me very very well
truth and and and what they have to swallow
They uncle you know they have to swallow
every [ __ ] [ __ ] every day has
what is that there are times when you say
Uncle, why does this man treat me like this?
I haven't done anything to him, you know, and maybe
comes from eating four
useless and we have a reputation too
a little bit bad, the truth is
Unfortunately and well but I don't give a damn
dick you know it's like I do the same thing
with him but clo Exactly Exactly as if
I do the same with him, what a reputation you have
You no, I'm not going to judge you for what you say
people understand me now, but that's okay.
Come on, I'm never going to buy that in my life.
but it happens or is it not that we are youtube and
What do I really know?
I hallucinate, they asked me one day
They stopped with the Lambo and told me no
is making a run. Not that we
He has a Lambo Lolito
also
Of course, they are not from video game.
TRUE
[ __ ] Search search career GTA
online I say that I am doing the filming
man to the Lambo calm H South to me
made him get out of the car and touch his
tire eh And then touch mine rocks
Do you think I swear tell me what do you think?
I say yours is hotter and I
He says, "Attentive," and tells me, "Man, it's what I'm saying."
that you made me run to catch you and
I say but let's see I say I say but
but I say my God that I am going with a
Lamborghini what if I have to
You won't catch me running in your [ __ ] life
Man, you see. I mean, I was really going.
behind a [ __ ] Seat of the [ __ ] Seat of the
Starky, 70-horsepower Seat that falls apart
in pieces or rather that is that it is that it was
surreal I swear to God eh That
I once said look look what stopped me
Sometimes the police have done Cos to me But
Well that's what I tell each of you, no
but it is true that we must also understand
that they eat every [ __ ] person out there or
I don't know what that guy just swallowed.
man
You know they are the ones who are in the
street and eat [ __ ] that's it
Of course, but be careful
eh let's go anyway already out part
how good you can sit better worse
the day you have to have you can have a
better or worse day whatever but
anyway
no no
can
gonna
[Music]
a stream or a video on social networks
because you have had a bad experience
with a policeman and say that the police is
[ __ ] that the police don't know what you are
in the country you are in. That is a respect to
the authorities child Shut up
mouth to see I think I'm going to record a
extract for telesalseo
I'm not going to record an excerpt for
telesalseo Hey but it's a bit of
guys too eh Hi Javi If you are looking
On YouTube, Nimu does a tiradera to
Javi Oliveira, you'll find a great song.
I would like you to see it if you can.
Of course there is nothing like my videos if
look for
that's nothing there's nothing there are videos
mine I don't know if I should comment a little bit now
I'm tired I'm going to go I was going to say
comment on it
Aitana, but I'll talk about it tomorrow.
I add sauce and I'm done
tired
an
Tomorrow remind me of that video of success and
the fall of the Mad Angel write down the
luar write it down for tomorrow tomorrow if not
There are many topics we react to videos
about that and sign up too Well this is it
We can see now, come on, Rubius.
reacting to the magazine to the magazine
no to Kiko Rivera's interview
Something noted down to see with you is worth it
I had something written down to see, eh, I mean, The
Rubius watching Kiko's interview
Rivera who has saved me from seeing more
late Oh This made me really excited, man
This made me very excited, attentive uncle
bear people look made me very excited
Jordi White's interview with Kiko
Rivera How good Kiko Rivera I think
Outside of LAM he is not known as much, that is to say
In Spain it is like it is a legend it is a
icon and
He said, "Let's see, come up a little."
With the icon thing, eh. Let's see, it's a character.
very large of the
showbiz something something very nice by
many controversies
ugly uncle that made me very excited
anecdote that you told me because
I think it illustrates very well that you are
a normal person and like everyone else
You have your This is also true
It is clear that he is a person who went out
a lot on TV when I was
little you know So of course but the
New generations meet Kiko
Rivera No, he has also been in series
like in marv I think it was done
little things with us
chat you have taken it because it is Kiko
Rivera because he appeared a lot on TV and
It's that these people are like very
contradictory Because
and we're going to see suddenly they are like very
against gossip almost always no and
from the gossip channels but then they
Someone from TV comes and
your ass falls or rather Kiko Rivera has you
contacted And you know him because
He is the son of Isabel Pantoja who has
Salted and has come out
magazine since I was a kid but the controversies
Kiko Rivera's are
ugly ugly drug issues issue of
mess with the mother mess with the
sister, very ugly topic, I mean, they are things that
Surely if they come from another youtuber No
I would approach that youtuber Okay then
Kiko
Rivera these people the great ones these of
the one from the eastern group of the elite have done
with many exchanges with for example
footballers no eh Piqué comes close to
they or x footballers are approaching
They and they make collaborations And these
footballers who are normally
footballers who are no longer around
playing because the footballers
They retire very young, that is, at 35 or
36 years old I think they retire or even
before sometimes Well of course let's see with
So many years ago I wasn't here yet
with the age at which they retire
footballers no Well yes yes I was Yes
It was, but well, more or less okay then
What do you have to do? Well, something that is not
it is obvious that you are not going to go to
work at a pizzeria
Well, this is a good option in the world.
from the internet creates content and such
So it's an exchange but damn
Piqué is freaking out, that is, ibai is
freaking out because he has the footballers in
your channel and the footballers are
taking advantage of ibai because it is
giving visibility in this world
From the Stream how many are there? Pique el Cahero
all those who are leaving now
to be able to play in the first division because
They come here to create content and I them
open the door eh what's going on with
Rivera what happened to Kiko Rivera
Well, there are many famous people.
who have come from television to try
succeed in this world as if to say yes
There are anonymous people, there are anonymous people who
I have become a millionaire, damn it, since
I come from TV and I'm famous here.
peto and no it's not the same No it's not the
same platform is not the same It is not the same
same or almost none of those who
They come from television and end up curdling as
to live off them perhaps they are
Some of them are doing so well that they make a little extra.
It's one more thing but without blowing it up like that
that one of the TV becomes one
like an ibai, a blond or something, eh
Here comes the move, eh Kiko Rivera has always
I wanted to be a YouTuber, I was the first channel
Kiko Rivera opened it like
[Music]
in
In my opinion, the first channel that was created was Kiko.
Rivera was
in I would say 2016 or 2015 2016 or
2015 okay I was opening the channel
with with 100
subscribers and Kiko Rivera started as
that was going to be a blog, I don't know what the deal was but
I recorded the videos on my cell phone
vertically and I didn't even edit them
posted on my channel every day I upload
a video and one day I uploaded a video Well
nothing today I ate fried potatoes with egg
and nothing tomorrow I will tell you something else
[ __ ] it okay eh I've tried it
on several occasions but of course it is that
Kiko Rivera wants to be a YouTuber
These people like IB and these people are not from the
FIFA of I don't know what of I don't know how much and to
In the end, everyone has to know their own
limitations is as if Antonio David de
suddenly a YouTube channel is created and
He talks about FIFA, not because Antonio David
is doing more or less well on YouTube
when he puts it because he talks about his
contents what are their contents
Rosio Carrasco Jorge Javier I don't know what no
I know how clear it is that Kiko Rivera if you
You put me to play FIFA because you are not
funny you are not entertaining With everything
the respect of the world but the people
wants what he wants is worth it
and The Movida Is
that the move is
[Music]
that this is how he approached these people
and the ibai has invited him to a lot of
series to contests and all that stuff
you know this but when he invited them to
gone unnoticed because there is no flame
Attention, TikTok is stopping you.
brains or people you admire Well me
I tell you, I'm a big fan of Rubius.
is
I really liked his videos and
suddenly does very little or quite little
the document is published relatively little
mental and I see it
Wow, I saw him and I already liked the guy.
but after seeing
That's what I said, man, this guy is I want
meet this guy I need to meet
This is very heavy for me, eh, I mean
mentally this that a person that I
I saw on TV as a child and that I knew
and that it was funny to me and so on, I say
This thing about me so many years later is
as strange as you know for me but strange and
beautiful at the same time but it happens to me
It's been a long time since I've been through it too.
I know there are a lot of new artists who
They are petolo a lot Now if it does
Leticia Sabater, do you care about her or her?
singers or whatever they say that
They watched my videos a lot or they are fans
mine or whatever and and it shocks me you know in
plan to have reached so many people
From so many types you know what it's like
crazy this person I love him and him and
mangel that was his
friend they seemed to me
brutal Then I told my wife
honey, look at what a documentary Jordi is doing
Jordi says for me they are the top couple
This guy is the best I want to meet
this but of course I say I don't dare to
writing to this aunt, she won't answer me
but I have to agree with this being
was yes No mangel now he's just my friend
Andalusian Yes, he was my friend, he is no longer
mangel who is in some
moment and the
life
Willy Rex eye
I'm getting married and I would like to
You click on my wedding because you are very
surreal to hist [ __ ] Willy Willy re
called Kiko Rivera to DJ
your wedding but these multiverses how are you going to
be but this What is baroque listen
listen And I would like
Give me a quote and I'll tell you.
Brother For me it is a pride that I
call me uncle because I've also seen a
a lot of your videos you are the father of
YouTube let's call it that, true and that
you may have only thought about me
It makes me very happy. I won't charge you anything anymore.
but well what are you saying No no no I don't say Look
at your will I came without charging any anger
I go and do my job on the happiest day
of your life I make the rock and move the
body had a great time but I
I don't charge you, it can be whatever you want
You give me and if you don't want to give me anything without
problem said and done the only thing that you
I ask that it not cost me the
money is that they take the bills from me
At least you imagine he says no no no
You turn me off, you don't want to pay, then a
golem a golem and the bills pay me
I went to the banknotes
there spectacular wedding his wife a
the family is marvelous, spectacular as a whole
the people are brutal, a very nice wedding, eh?
very very pretty very pretty for him and for
I was amazed because I was watching
all the youtubers that I watched, that is to say
eye to the data, that is to say, I said God go
spliced ​​that I wear
you're here DJing for the people
that I see and in a little corner I see the
Rubius guy in a little corner like with a
little corner that I was there but I It's
What I'm interested in knowing here is
How much did Will re pay him? And how is it?
I would make a bison and give him a sachet.
He was drunk alone in a little corner. Ah
the thing about the little corner, that and
I surely believe that Willy Rey
He got the meme like I'm going to get
Kiko Rivera so you know who he is
You know what I'm saying with the meme with
These people and the grace I remember eh that
I think he was sitting in a little corner
Chiling is not a little corner and I was leaving
with my friend Rubius t
There he wants me to warn him so that he doesn't
Don't tell him anything, the guy is from and
He's having a good time and I don't bother him.
uncle and another day is an illusion that I
I have to take a picture with this man
but I don't want it
to bother Total that I finish clicking
and I passed by uncle and I couldn't
I couldn't control myself, I approached him and said
Rubius Sorry man, I know that maybe
He doesn't feel like it's his wedding day, man.
but for me it would be a dream to become one
a picture with you dude because I follow you
for a long time and you are a
reference guy and I would love to have one
photo with you and he tells me the ruw no no no
no one who wants to take a photo
with you it's me of course they fell off me
Hero say one eggs on the ground
anecdote What is that, balls, I think this
that Vegeta gave it to me, eh, the [ __ ] gave it to me
put Vegeta is
the
[Music]
man but uncle
But imagine that night we would be here
we live so calmly without
knowing this without knowing this Lore, eh, I mean
I, I, doing live on telesalseo and
in it
puny and my children of
El Rubius and the festivities
Paquirrin, I mean, this can't be, I mean
This is me when the
Gentlemen, it happens a lot and you don't notice.
You understand clearly those of you who follow me on
Everywhere Yes but of course it happens a lot eh
Suddenly Belén Esteban at the evening of
Suddenly Belén Esteban with the Nile heda
suddenly the other day with the Nile heda
Do you know who he was with the other day?
Of course you are not going to do it
I don't know what video it is, I saw it.
on Instagram
Dude, I saw it on Instagram and I don't know what video.
is
uncle uncle
that here I am as if I stayed, I say
what how long
will make you see Era
as it was like I was on a trip in
Heda with this strong blond guy
was or was going to be in the
evening I would say it is after the
evening and it was in Malaga of course
It was evidently in
Malaga if it was in
Malaga that is
Madrid that
Madrid was
Málaga Ramón Today is the
day to sneak into these events to
gossip about us all Tears of happiness
It would be magical, prepare for divorce
of Bear and Katy you have to be present
face twisting with laughter Not clear
They'll never invite me to that.
because then I'm going to tell everything, look
Here he is with this blond boy
I don't remember how
called that he gives you a slap And you already
you go to the afterlife to the next life
that you have to be reincarnated, then there you are
send this one with one
wow, let's see but
Well, it has to be around here, right?
it has to be this way
Hey, could this be from the clothing store?
eh No it's not Here they are putting makeup on it
what video and
then what video can it be
uncle
it could be this
[Music]
no what video can be uncle miso
miso in
Malaga in Malaga
you in Malaga
you have to be a video that is in
Malaga with this kid but so much
time no
It's been more than 4 months, I don't think so.
what to do
It will not seem silly to you what
I'm going to show you why you're not going to
know who those who follow me are on
gossip TVs and You Know Who
is
I don't know which one
It was I don't know what the video is, Juan
to
see conillo
Juan the contestant
microphone not it
Claro use but this is clear this is because
They also recorded at Juan Pero's house
Well, more or less those days, let's see how much
This is a month ago a month ago Nothing more
that's just what it does.
month then If that only makes a
month have to be videos that are from ago
one more month or
less This makes two
weeks those of Win michu were in
Madrid three weeks
living without
house three
weeks living without
weeks
Ah a month dude no no of course it's because
here and
[Music]
here
no man but they had as if they had
like some
Vogs, yes, they had some Vogs like that, I knew them
in Esteban
No, that's not what I'm looking for.
This makes a
year that's not uncle and if I put niil geda
Malaga, now with courage, now with courage, Ah, it is
which is on the Nile Canal
Geda is that it is 21 days in the
Nile Canal
Geda Vale is on the Nile Canal.
then it's going to be
perfectly I think it's going to be this one
video
this
no what
madness was a
This video is not either
we have slept
like maybe it's not even there
[Music]
maybe it's not even on YouTube
No, maybe you're not even on YouTube.
Javi I think it's on the channel
Niled, we came here out of anger.
eh I want to find it now
courage
let's not take it away from him
label I think it is that is something like that
as if she were a mother who goes with a
kid, go look for him
And then the mother is known to
telesalseo
could be this is not it
I know, my mother, how much is this going to cost?
[ __ ] idea I'm going to leave it because I don't
meeting
man I'm going to leave it I'm going to leave it because
I just can't find it
uncle
but damn I found it easy the other time
time
Ah, I'll tell you the episode.
wait what is it the [ __ ] already tell me already
courage, let's see, it has to be this way
much more can't be done
be Javi the song of nimu tirote is
call for the bits to rain is not in your
channel lasts 340 in the morning only you
Mention a
that carry the
bits that not that
no no no no I can't find it let's go
but whose mother is it? Well, it's a
woman that of course I know in person
and all I have known her in person and
everything but it is not the thing that I am not
I agree what video it was but that's it
it doesn't matter, it doesn't matter
It doesn't matter because it's not
I find the truth is one of the videos
these of 21 days but it is not
I find the
I really can't find it
I tell you the truth, the episode comes
Tell me [ __ ] already my hairs already
They were, eh, but that's also what I'm doing.
Here I ran and I knew her name.
name says Lady Evely the Evely you
Do you remember Evely who was friends with her?
Olga and I had a fight last year with the other
with Olga because she appears in a video of
Nile heda with Nile heda and Nile hedal
She says she's a milf, so she's like me.
I mean, what a host, but what a multiverse this is
This is very late at night type
4 or 5 in the morning we were already
all poom poom pom
You know, precious, don't you think that I'm leaving too?
to stay all my life Because I also continue
It's the 12th
says 12 12 12 12
12 the
12 already already for courage
truth of no
find it, well, no, neither.
this is not this is this is this
It's almost like that
I lose Thanks girls you are the
better not take it come no thanks girls
dreamed good
good views
eh We're not walking eh Let's see if I see him
the face damn the 11 says if we don't go
walking no That's not that's not
eh no no what
it wasn't like here
It was like here in the east park that no
that no that no that they have deleted it that it
They have erased it now we see the tiradera of
nim hopes that no that no that they have
deleted This is [ __ ] There it is Look at her
look at her, damn, there's Evely
Look
If this family has saved us,
Evely Look at her with the
niloa with the Nile eda is not that I saw it in
I saw it on Instagram because I follow myself with
her and of course I see her with the Nile and the
series
The mother of the family is completely grateful to her
stifler the
you have improved
go seeing us man Oh to the husband if not
I'm wrong, we met him too
sure
It is a great pleasure to hear that you are here. Thank you for your support.
all r raj
a pleasure Thank you for everything from the bottom of my heart
Here you have your house brother when
you want to come Okay anyway by
Galicia whatever Madrid is there are the ch
buy the other one while we go up. Hey, me.
I'm going up
Hey, you, the little piece that was from the video, I
I was going to go crazy looking for that here.
you know because I had seen it clearly
I saw in
eham wanting it because in the end the
link that the streamer or the
YouTuber creates a bond of affection Yes
more familiar creates one of affection to the
better not no no no I don't know him
personally and talk to
him but if you see him every day
every day then you see it on Twitch
that you can interact with it if you have
Lucky me to see you, eh, see guys
Since I do read the chat, what do you say about
I don't read subs or read the chat then I read
subs By the way But you see I continue
staying humble I continue reading
everyone in the chat you see there's a guy
putting on a cloak another clue is to see him you see
Johnny, I'm reading you too.
fera lighter you don't even have sub and you
I just read "wow" and you create a bond.
more familiar you create a bond and I
I have it with him, I have it with him and if
From here you are watching it I am sending you a
kiss is not seeing it for sure and I think
that this will reach you this is very
nice [ __ ] and I think so too
illustrates two things One that you are a
normal person and like everyone else you have
Well, people you admire and two what has
meaning of your name and your family
because maybe there are people perhaps more
young or Latin America that places you but
not so much but for the people of our
fifth more or less because Rubius has
30 and something Yes of course I have 39 I have
39 that we are there, what I don't understand
This is how this man saw himself as a child
the TV would have to be super
he was young when he started going out in the
TV Well, I watched it when I was very young but
He is 39, that is, he is several years older than
I don't
s Kiko Rivera is one year older than me you
name has not stopped ringing in our ears
lives whether we wanted it or not because it was in
the news is like that, it has 39 in being Yes
yes Kiko Rivera age that yes that yes has not
lied Of course but it is the 84 is that the 84
For me it's like very, very old people.
I curse the mother who gave birth to him and
Irene comes out here
Rosal, who from 84 is for him people like
an older one But how old is he?
Rubius
But if El Rubius from 90, what the hell is he going to do?
being from 84 people as very old if from
90 is my
sister but this guy this guy who is
He thinks that because he puts his hair on that is
a kid is from
90 is from 90 and above the principles
From 90, we're going to see that it's been 4 years
with me yes yes we go like very old people
to see people much older than me
They are the ones who take me what I tell you for
me those of the 70s
no. 70
75 there is a lot of difference what the hell is going to happen
there is a lot of difference in the luar
fired let's go let's go it's that as my
sister the blond my sister of the
90 Yes yes Hey but no it's not that from 84
For me it's like very old people, well
see there were some things left over there
No earrings, but Luare, you've signed up
a couple of videos to react to
No, I would see this even if I uploaded it.
place then to telesalseo but yes I
Aitana's breakup seems relevant, huh?
That is to say, it has been today as it has been throughout the whole
afternoon very sounded And it has been
confirmed there were already many rumors
soon he will start taking years off
It seems a bit like a ghost to me, I'm from '89
and I think they are older people over 50, well
Let's see, I'm starting to think that the
People of 50 are not that old, I am
right now in that time when
I'm starting to think that people in their 50s are
young this young of
done sorry will it be that I'm starting to
assume it 13 years
before life, life, not that of the Madman
write it down for tomorrow we write it down
And if there isn't much gossip we react and
we make some video of the series of
yellow frame that hasn't been there for a while
We make the 1950s not the 50s bad
a kiss listen to me that no because it has already been done
confirmed there were already rumors I
I remember when I remember when the
Latin Grammy a couple of weeks ago
that it was already being talked about here, no
when we were out there in the places
where these people were and others
Well, in fact, she called me.
attention that they were not in the same
hotel because according to
pill that night I was doing the
irl on the street eh what I caught was
how good we were waiting
back there you remember, don't we?
we were waiting back there in the
Hotel Colón, which was where Paula was
Echevarría
And then of course I asked about Aitana
at some point and they told me that I was
Do you remember that I was walking to
look for another hotel that was like in
a square a new hotel that had to be
By the way, it seemed to me later to see
photos of Comanche in that hotel that
I come to know and I see it, I warn him, I tell him
I'm a Comanche bastard and we'll see each other and record.
you know but I thought I was watching videos
Comanche photos of Comanche on tiktok
from that hotel that was a hotel
new I don't remember what it was called and it was
where the bval was supposed to be, I don't know
I suppose the bval and such weren't there, and Aitana
Apparently he was in that hotel or something
Here in Seville the Latin Aitana no
I was in the same hotel as Yatra and
Well, apparently it has been confirmed
news in the media this afternoon all the
The world is talking about it above all
This Aitana cl has gone viral and y
Well, another one has gone viral, let's see.
if I find it here quickly
I'm sure I'll find it here quickly.
because come on, it has come out on all of them
parts the cck here I have a tiktok but I
I would like to see it whole whole whole
whole whole Here I have it whole okay
we are going to
seeing him has excited him
broken I don't know where Aitana is right now
This weekend was in the
National Auditorium of Mexico I loved it
the performance that he did with good
I shared on Twitter the performance that
did
[Music]
I shared it with Dana Paola on
Twitter I shared it on Twitter wow wow
to the puppies eh go to the puppies
you have broken you have broken
[Applause]
broken from change of maturity of growing my
Father before leaving says Elana is not
saint of my devotion but the poor among
the breakups had this year plus the
album and the hate that the poor girl gets must
being that he can't take it anymore is
falling a lot of hate And look at the girl
Damn, he's a charm, he didn't sing yesterday.
Bogotá in Colombia is Aitana then
In this, well, I don't know if this will be emotion.
crying I don't know if it's a bit of everything not at all
end a lot of stress Eh it has started to me
say a lot of phrases that were
super pretty ones that I was seeing in
tiktok my father uses tiktok and I
Say dad please I'm not going to be terrible
because today emotionally I am not so
Okay, nothing happens, I saw the ones you are
those who don't like me, what makes me very
happy and I will always carry that with me
inside my heart is to be here with
all of you in Bogotá Bogotá Bogotá
look Look at the [ __ ] place I've
since luare you have to upload this
the sooner we upload this, the better.
I have done what I have deleted
he
[Music]
Let's see what he has already said.
atr conana how is when I was
There for the Latin Grammys, sailing is fine.
What was being talked about there was that good
Now Aitana in fact not only that
were not in the same hotel but
Aitana had not been at the wedding of the
Yatra's brother had just been the
Yatra's brother's wedding and Aitana didn't go and
was also spoken
that they had seen Aitana
with What was his name?
the the previous boyfriend the elite one
Ah, what is the name of the elite boy?
Aitana Miguel's former boyfriend
called
Miguel And how angry I am to stay in
white and not remember a last name of
a famous person
Come on, you're going to put it in the chat for me.
they had seen her with Miguel they had seen her
seen with Miguel somewhere together
but of course I understand that I understand that that
It was understood that it was something that later had
had an explanation that it was not like a
caught but had had her
explanation that was Well something I don't know if
is that Miguel had lost some
familiar and there he went
See, I don't know what you've clarified for me.
you a lot
Lady, what more can your daughter Miguel explain?
Bernade with her Well we love each other
we are a lot and we will be great
friends for life and at this moment
We are both
singles
we walk, we walk, each one living his own life
own path but I love her very much and
We lived a very beautiful story this
year the reception they give him in Mexico
I also love that he came
I love that you have experienced that, that so much
I deserve it as a special mention in the auditorium
I love a collaboration together
yaas with haana how are you because little
lasted Don't you notice that there were some
I don't know if the images will appear to me
Here there were some images of Yatra in
in it
car
she these days
Eh, that they have probably been
watching a little while ago a little while a little while m
Let's see, he has made it clear.
confirmed Hey, that's a good question.
It would have been that one, eh, if we had done it
found in the Colon hotel that
night that by the way we did not go from there
almost at 7 in the morning and he didn't show up
Yatra, what a party the gachon had, eh?
I just don't see them the same way.
I don't see them as the same thing. Very
Both of them are handsome because Sebastian is very
handsome too but I don't see them from the
Same thing, I saw Sebastian more
half orange with
Tini, I don't know, it seems to me that they are
a personality
[Music]
I am more equal than I am better suited to.
the more the more formal the more I don't know of any other
way in another way another character another
way okay But well it is a
confirmation okay is a confirmation
Look at this medium, eh. There's a medium here.
that he has made a bit of a fool of himself, he says.
love has not ended some photos
clear up the rumors of a breakup between
Itana and Yatra a week ago and Se
confirm How bad How bad
aiming takes away from us the I say nothing
And I say it all
surprise says despite the rumors of
breakup a girl has uploaded this photo
counting citana and yatra have eaten
together in Seville, so the rumors
They will be fake to see if I recognize the
place
yes it is the same
that I told you I loved this song
When love sets sail, these are the ones
songs and not the [ __ ] [ __ ] that I
you have put before I am not going to say it
because this exo is going to be a gossip, okay?
beautiful love songs when you set sail
Love sails fire is the one who carries the
rudder but if it is that let's see what you are doing to me
counting let's go if I tell the lady
the song you played for me and that
You were applauding. Thank you very much. 38
months colleague almost
Nothing When love sets sail, uncle, compare the
love with a pirate ship
Belero We have you We have you and with this
and a cake doesn't wait
wait mother m we continue we continue
just in case there was any doubt that the
boy in the photo was
Sebas Alex uploaded a photo at the meal
with Seville chair very
beautiful Seville is very beautiful for the
[Music]
love
verato
Well, you see, it would be a little skewer.
that they would be eating in that restaurant
because
No, why not, let's see, I think they can be seen
because it has been seen, some have been seen
images that now I'm going to have the
Bad luck that they won't show up for me
here on Twitter and I don't think so either
I have saved no
but it has all the
Yes, yes, I have saved it, I have saved it
saved
Let's see if I can put them here on Twitter.
I have saved
Look, you too.
I also tell you
I also say I tell you that you have to
guess a little that this yatra eh or is
HE
It is assumed that this is the leader there who
you see it there it is
Yatra will do it so that the media
Leave the fans alone, the fans trying
there is no accepting reality, no. Let's see, look.
Here is the
video No it is not the
Same goes, it's not the video but oh well
confirmation voucher confirmation family
Now I really believe that I have
quite accomplished eh 3 hours and a quarter in
not on teles salce it has been almost 4 hours
kid here today in
today here in the canijo more than 3
hours what is the day today I have thrown
I'm not here for 8 hours, no, well, let's see.
that today we have been able to do more hours of
direct also because Well then the
true no, I haven't been able to record the newscast
because there wasn't enough to
fill a newscast in any of the
two
today you are leaving
B Oh come on, I promised, you won't leave me
I'm going to see what the hell is this?
It's been four weeks but what's this?
nose
Hey
Very good people today we are going to be
throwing a few cloths
Dude, but this, but this he sang
Nimu really is now for free today
You're going on vacation, right?
you're going to say for sure face twisting
Laughter Rest javia you have already worked
more than me this week lots of kisses
kiss No man
few well in December there is a
bridge at the beginning I also tell you eh
in December as a bridge at the beginning
[Music]
eha That's me I'm a character without
heart But this is one I don't understand
I don't understand that this is a
I was imitating the voice
No
Or she has put her voice here to sing
has done his
Just give me a donation now
that you are not
you will be wealthy
expelled let's go now that they are lifting them
[Applause]
B let's go now let the B rain if I
criticize me I won't care and if they criticize me that
It doesn't matter if the months go by, everything continues
Even if the years go by, no one will
will remember let's go now that it rains
bis as it rains
B I'm going to raise the level because this is not
it's over
Here comes the fight, eh?
[Music]
Be careful, dubbing YouTuber is eating it
dubbed there is a youtuber who lives in Peru
His name is Shar, he likes the beach.
Some covers for ambition are some
parodies that attract attention end
mocked on one occasion my deformed face
and it disgusts me that he has mocked me
This time they caught me and he did it
other
song and he was showered with
[Applause]
[Music]
bit and there is work here eh Let's see me
It's giving a little cringe But there is
job
Hey
took advantage of all this drama already
got his moment of fame he didn't
pays his editors and treats them very badly
your followers subscribe shell of your
Mother, I'm fed up with you. Get to work.
and by the way, viles and two [ __ ] This is
his idol Well it doesn't matter better
Let's leave it there and change the subject.
I want to mention someone who is doing
Call the king of gossip
I think I'll go back to the filter.
I definitely think it suited me very well.
Well that hat, that is, it is really the
hat matches perfectly with the shirt
cowgirl that I carry uncle This video if not
I am wrong about the exclusive that he gave me
ibai okay And it is a bomb it is a
bomb how I'm doing the outfit I'm wearing
I'm not okay with the videos.
all your channels, man, I don't know
You can forget when you tell something
in a few days I can't
forget to tell you one thing is not that it is
He's going to forget me for sure and it's great.
man I'm going to forget for sure and it's
great guy, I can't forget you, man
about something that someone has already said
I will tell you about breaking chairs, criticism and
think what we do reaches everyone
donations and also subscriptions
People admire him, I don't understand how
tremendous Boomer does not know the
momos and he read them. Well here they are.
bis rain little eh here I am some
pieces of stiff but we go a long way
careful, but very careful
eh or whatever
literally in telesalseo we have been
like 200 new members live
from telesalseo and you haven't arrived here
not even 20 members
new the truth is that it is to leave the
It's true that it's something to dedicate full time to.
telesalseo
[Applause]
[Music]
This that you just heard and that
It looked like a cat crying
of
encouragement
[Music]
Let's go now that they're up
[Applause]
[Music]
the weak ones The tiraera eh weak one The
I would throw it to see if this makes sense to me.
It has been a long time since I was a kid, and I have a lot of work to do because
damn it has the drawings not the
speedrun of how he makes each drawing No yes
What I have missed is that you draw me
To me, in the end, I am the one who has
reacted to the video
No. Or in the end I am the one who
reacted to the video it didn't make me
A drawing has put me here with the
hat has put me close to the chair and
the bastard who made the video because
whatever is subscribed to my Channel
and the secondary to telesalseo is not seen
Okay, so you have your job as a boss.
Boss has drawn it, okay? And not me.
He drew me, that is, it is very good.
very well done except for drawing me. I mean
What the [ __ ] is going on here guys? Many
thanks for this for this change
It's really cool, it's really cool
friend Thanks for reacting to the remix
Nimu, you just brightened my night.
It took months, only the next one will be prepared
I make a drawing, clear man, I deserved it
the drawing is clear, bastard, be clear, clear
what a bastard it is not that my
drawing Good family A big kiss
Thank you so much for having me
accompanied Tonight I'm leaving I'm leaving
I'm going to sleep and see if tomorrow
When I get up there are little things for
record the two newscasts is worth it
rest, handsome
Goodbye, what's happening? Let the bits rain?
missing that will take you dancing with
The Chair like the other day with dasas
good night a
kiss
[Music]
and